.. Commander 2013 Edition (autogenerated)
.. include:: symbols.rst
        
Commander 2013 Edition
======================
        

Act of Authority
   When Act of Authority enters the battlefield, you may exile target artifact or enchantment.

   At the beginning of your upkeep, you may exile target artifact or enchantment. If you do, its controller gains control of Act of Authority.


Aerie Mystics
   Flying

   |mana_1|\ |mana_g|\ |mana_u|: Creatures you control gain shroud until end of turn. (They can't be the targets of spells or abilities.)


Ajani's Pridemate
   Whenever you gain life, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Ajani's Pridemate.


Angel of Finality
   Flying

   When Angel of Finality enters the battlefield, exile all cards from target player's graveyard.


Archangel
   Flying, vigilance


Azorius Herald
   Azorius Herald can't be blocked.

   When Azorius Herald enters the battlefield, you gain 4 life.

   When Azorius Herald enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless |mana_u| was spent to cast it.


Cradle of Vitality
   Whenever you gain life, you may pay |mana_1|\ |mana_w|. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature for each 1 life you gained.


Curse of the Forsaken
   Enchant player

   Whenever a creature attacks enchanted player, its controller gains 1 life.


Darksteel Mutation
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature is an Insect artifact creature with base power and toughness 0/1 and has indestructible, and it loses all other abilities, card types, and creature types.


Eternal Dragon
   Flying

   |mana_3|\ |mana_w|\ |mana_w|: Return Eternal Dragon from your graveyard to your hand. Activate this ability only during your upkeep.

   Plainscycling |mana_2| (|mana_2|, Discard this card: Search your library for a Plains card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)


Fiend Hunter
   When Fiend Hunter enters the battlefield, you may exile another target creature.

   When Fiend Hunter leaves the battlefield, return the exiled card to the battlefield under its owner's control.


Flickerform
   Enchant creature

   |mana_2|\ |mana_w|\ |mana_w|: Exile enchanted creature and all Auras attached to it. At the beginning of the next end step, return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control. If you do, return the other cards exiled this way to the battlefield under their owners' control attached to that creature.


Flickerwisp
   Flying

   When Flickerwisp enters the battlefield, exile another target permanent. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step.


Karmic Guide
   Flying, protection from black

   Echo |mana_3|\ |mana_w|\ |mana_w| (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)

   When Karmic Guide enters the battlefield, return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.


Kirtar's Wrath
   Destroy all creatures. They can't be regenerated.

   Threshold — If seven or more cards are in your graveyard, instead destroy all creatures, then create two 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying. Creatures destroyed this way can't be regenerated.


Kongming, "Sleeping Dragon"
   Other creatures you control get +1/+1.


Mirror Entity
   Changeling (This card is every creature type.)

   |mana_x|: Until end of turn, creatures you control have base power and toughness X/X and gain all creature types.


Mystic Barrier
   When Mystic Barrier enters the battlefield or at the beginning of your upkeep, choose left or right.

   Each player may attack only the nearest opponent in the last chosen direction and planeswalkers controlled by that player.


Razor Hippogriff
   Flying

   When Razor Hippogriff enters the battlefield, return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand. You gain life equal to that card's converted mana cost.


Serene Master
   Whenever Serene Master blocks, exchange its power and the power of target creature it's blocking until end of combat.


Serra Avatar
   Serra Avatar's power and toughness are each equal to your life total.

   When Serra Avatar is put into a graveyard from anywhere, shuffle it into its owner's library.


Stonecloaker
   Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)

   Flying

   When Stonecloaker enters the battlefield, return a creature you control to its owner's hand.

   When Stonecloaker enters the battlefield, exile target card from a graveyard.


Survival Cache
   You gain 2 life. Then if you have more life than an opponent, draw a card.

   Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)


Tempt with Glory
   Tempting offer — Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control. Each opponent may put a +1/+1 counter on each creature they control. For each opponent who does, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.


Unexpectedly Absent
   Put target nonland permanent into its owner's library just beneath the top X cards of that library.


Wall of Reverence
   Defender, flying

   At the beginning of your end step, you may gain life equal to the power of target creature you control.


Wrath of God
   Destroy all creatures. They can't be regenerated.


Arcane Denial
   Counter target spell. Its controller may draw up to two cards at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep.

   You draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep.


Arcane Melee
   Instant and sorcery spells cost |mana_2| less to cast.


Augur of Bolas
   When Augur of Bolas enters the battlefield, look at the top three cards of your library. You may reveal an instant or sorcery card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.


Azami, Lady of Scrolls
   Tap an untapped Wizard you control: Draw a card.


Blue Sun's Zenith
   Target player draws X cards. Shuffle Blue Sun's Zenith into its owner's library.


Borrowing 100,000 Arrows
   Draw a card for each tapped creature target opponent controls.


Brilliant Plan
   Draw three cards.


Control Magic
   Enchant creature

   You control enchanted creature.


Curse of Inertia
   Enchant player

   Whenever a player attacks enchanted player with one or more creatures, that attacking player may tap or untap target permanent of their choice.


Deceiver Exarch
   Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)

   When Deceiver Exarch enters the battlefield, choose one —

   • Untap target permanent you control.

   • Tap target permanent an opponent controls.


Deep Analysis
   Target player draws two cards.

   Flashback—|mana_1|\ |mana_u|, Pay 3 life. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)


Dismiss
   Counter target spell.

   Draw a card.


Diviner Spirit
   Whenever Diviner Spirit deals combat damage to a player, you and that player each draw that many cards.


Djinn of Infinite Deceits
   Flying

   |tap|: Exchange control of two target nonlegendary creatures. You can't activate this ability during combat.


Dungeon Geists
   Flying

   When Dungeon Geists enters the battlefield, tap target creature an opponent controls. That creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step for as long as you control Dungeon Geists.


Echo Mage
   Level up |mana_1|\ |mana_u| (|mana_1|\ |mana_u|: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)

   LEVEL 2-3

   2/4

   |mana_u|\ |mana_u|, |tap|: Copy target instant or sorcery spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.

   LEVEL 4+

   2/5

   |mana_u|\ |mana_u|, |tap|: Copy target instant or sorcery spell twice. You may choose new targets for the copies.


Fog Bank
   Defender, flying

   Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by Fog Bank.


Guard Gomazoa
   Defender, flying

   Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to Guard Gomazoa.


Hada Spy Patrol
   Level up |mana_2|\ |mana_u| (|mana_2|\ |mana_u|: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)

   LEVEL 1-2

   2/2

   Hada Spy Patrol can't be blocked.

   LEVEL 3+

   3/3

   Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)

   Hada Spy Patrol can't be blocked.


Illusionist's Gambit
   Cast this spell only during the declare blockers step on an opponent's turn.

   Remove all attacking creatures from combat and untap them. After this phase, there is an additional combat phase. Each of those creatures attacks that combat if able. They can't attack you or a planeswalker you control that combat.


Jace's Archivist
   |mana_u|, |tap|: Each player discards their hand, then draws cards equal to the greatest number of cards a player discarded this way.


Lu Xun, Scholar General
   Horsemanship (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with horsemanship.)

   Whenever Lu Xun, Scholar General deals damage to an opponent, you may draw a card.


Mnemonic Wall
   Defender

   When Mnemonic Wall enters the battlefield, you may return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.


Opportunity
   Target player draws four cards.


Order of Succession
   Choose left or right. Starting with you and proceeding in the chosen direction, each player chooses a creature controlled by the next player in that direction. Each player gains control of the creature they chose.


Propaganda
   Creatures can't attack you unless their controller pays |mana_2| for each creature they control that's attacking you.


Prosperity
   Each player draws X cards.


Raven Familiar
   Flying

   Echo |mana_2|\ |mana_u| (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)

   When Raven Familiar enters the battlefield, look at the top three cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.


Sharding Sphinx
   Flying

   Whenever an artifact creature you control deals combat damage to a player, you may create a 1/1 blue Thopter artifact creature token with flying.


Skyscribing
   Each player draws X cards.

   Forecast — |mana_2|\ |mana_u|, Reveal Skyscribing from your hand: Each player draws a card. (Activate this ability only during your upkeep and only once each turn.)


Stormscape Battlemage
   Kicker |mana_w| and/or |mana_2|\ |mana_b| (You may pay an additional |mana_w| and/or |mana_2|\ |mana_b| as you cast this spell.)

   When Stormscape Battlemage enters the battlefield, if it was kicked with its |mana_w| kicker, you gain 3 life.

   When Stormscape Battlemage enters the battlefield, if it was kicked with its |mana_2|\ |mana_b| kicker, destroy target nonblack creature. That creature can't be regenerated.


Strategic Planning
   Look at the top three cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.


Tempt with Reflections
   Tempting offer — Choose target creature you control. Create a token that's a copy of that creature. Each opponent may create a token that's a copy of that creature. For each opponent who does, create a token that's a copy of that creature.


Thornwind Faeries
   Flying

   |tap|: Thornwind Faeries deals 1 damage to any target.


Tidal Force
   At the beginning of each upkeep, you may tap or untap target permanent.


True-Name Nemesis
   As True-Name Nemesis enters the battlefield, choose a player.

   True-Name Nemesis has protection from the chosen player. (This creature can't be blocked, targeted, dealt damage, or enchanted by anything controlled by that player.)


Uyo, Silent Prophet
   Flying

   |mana_2|, Return two lands you control to their owner's hand: Copy target instant or sorcery spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.


Vision Skeins
   Each player draws two cards.


Wash Out
   Return all permanents of the color of your choice to their owners' hands.


Wonder
   Flying

   As long as Wonder is in your graveyard and you control an Island, creatures you control have flying.


Annihilate
   Destroy target nonblack creature. It can't be regenerated.

   Draw a card.


Army of the Damned
   Create thirteen tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens.

   Flashback |mana_7|\ |mana_b|\ |mana_b|\ |mana_b| (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)


Baleful Force
   At the beginning of each upkeep, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.


Curse of Shallow Graves
   Enchant player

   Whenever a player attacks enchanted player with one or more creatures, that attacking player may create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token.


Decree of Pain
   Destroy all creatures. They can't be regenerated. Draw a card for each creature destroyed this way.

   Cycling |mana_3|\ |mana_b|\ |mana_b| (|mana_3|\ |mana_b|\ |mana_b|, Discard this card: Draw a card.)

   When you cycle Decree of Pain, all creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn.


Dirge of Dread
   All creatures gain fear until end of turn. (They can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)

   Cycling |mana_1|\ |mana_b| (|mana_1|\ |mana_b|, Discard this card: Draw a card.)

   When you cycle Dirge of Dread, you may have target creature gain fear until end of turn.


Disciple of Griselbrand
   |mana_1|, Sacrifice a creature: You gain life equal to the sacrificed creature's toughness.


Endless Cockroaches
   When Endless Cockroaches dies, return it to its owner's hand.


Endrek Sahr, Master Breeder
   Whenever you cast a creature spell, create X 1/1 black Thrull creature tokens, where X is that spell's converted mana cost.

   When you control seven or more Thrulls, sacrifice Endrek Sahr, Master Breeder.


Famine
   Famine deals 3 damage to each creature and each player.


Fell Shepherd
   Whenever Fell Shepherd deals combat damage to a player, you may return to your hand all creature cards that were put into your graveyard from the battlefield this turn.

   |mana_b|, Sacrifice another creature: Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn.


Greed
   |mana_b|, Pay 2 life: Draw a card.


Hooded Horror
   Hooded Horror can't be blocked as long as defending player controls the most creatures or is tied for the most.


Infest
   All creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn.


Marrow Bats
   Flying

   Pay 4 life: Regenerate Marrow Bats.


Nightscape Familiar
   Blue spells and red spells you cast cost |mana_1| less to cast.

   |mana_1|\ |mana_b|: Regenerate Nightscape Familiar.


Ophiomancer
   At the beginning of each upkeep, if you control no Snakes, create a 1/1 black Snake creature token with deathtouch.


Phthisis
   Destroy target creature. Its controller loses life equal to its power plus its toughness.

   Suspend 5—|mana_1|\ |mana_b| (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay |mana_1|\ |mana_b| and exile it with five time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost.)


Phyrexian Delver
   When Phyrexian Delver enters the battlefield, return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. You lose life equal to that card's converted mana cost.


Phyrexian Gargantua
   When Phyrexian Gargantua enters the battlefield, you draw two cards and you lose 2 life.


Phyrexian Reclamation
   |mana_1|\ |mana_b|, Pay 2 life: Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.


Price of Knowledge
   Players have no maximum hand size.

   At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, Price of Knowledge deals damage to that player equal to the number of cards in that player's hand.


Quagmire Druid
   |mana_g|, |tap|, Sacrifice a creature: Destroy target enchantment.


Reckless Spite
   Destroy two target nonblack creatures. You lose 5 life.


Sanguine Bond
   Whenever you gain life, target opponent loses that much life.


Stronghold Assassin
   |tap|, Sacrifice a creature: Destroy target nonblack creature.


Sudden Spoiling
   Split second (As long as this spell is on the stack, players can't cast spells or activate abilities that aren't mana abilities.)

   Until end of turn, creatures target player controls lose all abilities and have base power and toughness 0/2.


Tempt with Immortality
   Tempting offer — Return a creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. Each opponent may return a creature card from their graveyard to the battlefield. For each opponent who does, return a creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.


Toxic Deluge
   As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay X life.

   All creatures get -X/-X until end of turn.


Vampire Nighthawk
   Flying, deathtouch, lifelink


Vile Requiem
   At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a verse counter on Vile Requiem.

   |mana_1|\ |mana_b|, Sacrifice Vile Requiem: Destroy up to X target nonblack creatures, where X is the number of verse counters on Vile Requiem. They can't be regenerated.


Viscera Seer
   Sacrifice a creature: Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)


Wight of Precinct Six
   Wight of Precinct Six gets +1/+1 for each creature card in your opponents' graveyards.


Blood Rites
   |mana_1|\ |mana_r|, Sacrifice a creature: Blood Rites deals 2 damage to any target.


Capricious Efreet
   At the beginning of your upkeep, choose target nonland permanent you control and up to two target nonland permanents you don't control. Destroy one of them at random.


Charmbreaker Devils
   At the beginning of your upkeep, return an instant or sorcery card at random from your graveyard to your hand.

   Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, Charmbreaker Devils gets +4/+0 until end of turn.


Crater Hellion
   Echo |mana_4|\ |mana_r|\ |mana_r| (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)

   When Crater Hellion enters the battlefield, it deals 4 damage to each other creature.


Curse of Chaos
   Enchant player

   Whenever a player attacks enchanted player with one or more creatures, that attacking player may discard a card. If the player does, they draw a card.


Fireball
   This spell costs |mana_1| more to cast for each target beyond the first.

   Fireball deals X damage divided evenly, rounded down, among any number of targets.


Fissure Vent
   Choose one or both —

   • Destroy target artifact.

   • Destroy target nonbasic land.


From the Ashes
   Destroy all nonbasic lands. For each land destroyed this way, its controller may search their library for a basic land card and put it onto the battlefield. Then each player who searched their library this way shuffles it.


Furnace Celebration
   Whenever you sacrifice another permanent, you may pay |mana_2|. If you do, Furnace Celebration deals 2 damage to any target.


Goblin Bombardment
   Sacrifice a creature: Goblin Bombardment deals 1 damage to any target.


Goblin Sharpshooter
   Goblin Sharpshooter doesn't untap during your untap step.

   Whenever a creature dies, untap Goblin Sharpshooter.

   |tap|: Goblin Sharpshooter deals 1 damage to any target.


Guttersnipe
   Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, Guttersnipe deals 2 damage to each opponent.


Incendiary Command
   Choose two —

   • Incendiary Command deals 4 damage to target player or planeswalker.

   • Incendiary Command deals 2 damage to each creature.

   • Destroy target nonbasic land.

   • Each player discards all the cards in their hand, then draws that many cards.


Inferno Titan
   |mana_r|: Inferno Titan gets +1/+0 until end of turn.

   Whenever Inferno Titan enters the battlefield or attacks, it deals 3 damage divided as you choose among one, two, or three targets.


Magus of the Arena
   |mana_3|, |tap|: Tap target creature you control and target creature of an opponent's choice they control. Those creatures fight each other. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)


Mass Mutiny
   For each opponent, gain control of up to one target creature that player controls until end of turn. Untap those creatures. They gain haste until end of turn.


Molten Disaster
   Kicker |mana_r| (You may pay an additional |mana_r| as you cast this spell.)

   If this spell was kicked, it has split second. (As long as this spell is on the stack, players can't cast spells or activate abilities that aren't mana abilities.)

   Molten Disaster deals X damage to each creature without flying and each player.


Rough
   Rough deals 2 damage to each creature without flying.


Tumble
   Tumble deals 6 damage to each creature with flying.


Slice and Dice
   Slice and Dice deals 4 damage to each creature.

   Cycling |mana_2|\ |mana_r| (|mana_2|\ |mana_r|, Discard this card: Draw a card.)

   When you cycle Slice and Dice, you may have it deal 1 damage to each creature.


Spitebellows
   When Spitebellows leaves the battlefield, it deals 6 damage to target creature.

   Evoke |mana_1|\ |mana_r|\ |mana_r| (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)


Stalking Vengeance
   Haste

   Whenever another creature you control dies, it deals damage equal to its power to target player or planeswalker.


Starstorm
   Starstorm deals X damage to each creature.

   Cycling |mana_3| (|mana_3|, Discard this card: Draw a card.)


Street Spasm
   Street Spasm deals X damage to target creature without flying you don't control.

   Overload |mana_x|\ |mana_x|\ |mana_r|\ |mana_r| (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change its text by replacing all instances of "target" with "each.")


Sudden Demise
   Choose a color. Sudden Demise deals X damage to each creature of the chosen color.


Tempt with Vengeance
   Tempting offer — Create X 1/1 red Elemental creature tokens with haste. Each opponent may create X 1/1 red Elemental creature tokens with haste. For each opponent who does, create X 1/1 red Elemental creature tokens with haste.


Terra Ravager
   Whenever Terra Ravager attacks, it gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is the number of lands defending player controls.


Tooth and Claw
   Sacrifice two creatures: Create a 3/1 red Beast creature token named Carnivore.


War Cadence
   |mana_x|\ |mana_r|: This turn, creatures can't block unless their controller pays |mana_x| for each blocking creature they control.


Warstorm Surge
   Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, it deals damage equal to its power to any target.


Where Ancients Tread
   Whenever a creature with power 5 or greater enters the battlefield under your control, you may have Where Ancients Tread deal 5 damage to any target.


Widespread Panic
   Whenever a spell or ability causes its controller to shuffle their library, that player puts a card from their hand on top of their library.


Wild Ricochet
   You may choose new targets for target instant or sorcery spell. Then copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.


Witch Hunt
   Players can't gain life.

   At the beginning of your upkeep, Witch Hunt deals 4 damage to you.

   At the beginning of your end step, target opponent chosen at random gains control of Witch Hunt.


Acidic Slime
   Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)

   When Acidic Slime enters the battlefield, destroy target artifact, enchantment, or land.


Avenger of Zendikar
   When Avenger of Zendikar enters the battlefield, create a 0/1 green Plant creature token for each land you control.

   Landfall — Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may put a +1/+1 counter on each Plant creature you control.


Baloth Woodcrasher
   Landfall — Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, Baloth Woodcrasher gets +4/+4 and gains trample until end of turn.


Bane of Progress
   When Bane of Progress enters the battlefield, destroy all artifacts and enchantments. Put a +1/+1 counter on Bane of Progress for each permanent destroyed this way.


Brooding Saurian
   At the beginning of each end step, each player gains control of all nontoken permanents they own.


Cultivate
   Search your library for up to two basic land cards, reveal those cards, and put one onto the battlefield tapped and the other into your hand. Then shuffle your library.


Curse of Predation
   Enchant player

   Whenever a creature attacks enchanted player, put a +1/+1 counter on it.


Deadwood Treefolk
   Vanishing 3 (This creature enters the battlefield with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)

   When Deadwood Treefolk enters the battlefield or leaves the battlefield, return another target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.


Drumhunter
   At the beginning of your end step, if you control a creature with power 5 or greater, you may draw a card.

   |tap|: Add |colorless|.


Elvish Skysweeper
   |mana_4|\ |mana_g|, Sacrifice a creature: Destroy target creature with flying.


Farhaven Elf
   When Farhaven Elf enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.


Fecundity
   Whenever a creature dies, that creature's controller may draw a card.


Foster
   Whenever a creature you control dies, you may pay |mana_1|. If you do, reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a creature card. Put that card into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.


Grazing Gladehart
   Landfall — Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may gain 2 life.


Harmonize
   Draw three cards.


Hua Tuo, Honored Physician
   |tap|: Put target creature card from your graveyard on top of your library. Activate this ability only during your turn, before attackers are declared.


Hunted Troll
   When Hunted Troll enters the battlefield, target opponent creates four 1/1 blue Faerie creature tokens with flying.

   |mana_g|: Regenerate Hunted Troll.


Jade Mage
   |mana_2|\ |mana_g|: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.


Kazandu Tuskcaller
   Level up |mana_1|\ |mana_g| (|mana_1|\ |mana_g|: Put a level counter on this. Level up only as a sorcery.)

   LEVEL 2-5

   1/1

   |tap|: Create a 3/3 green Elephant creature token.

   LEVEL 6+

   1/1

   |tap|: Create two 3/3 green Elephant creature tokens.


Krosan Grip
   Split second (As long as this spell is on the stack, players can't cast spells or activate abilities that aren't mana abilities.)

   Destroy target artifact or enchantment.


Krosan Tusker
   Cycling |mana_2|\ |mana_g| (|mana_2|\ |mana_g|, Discard this card: Draw a card.)

   When you cycle Krosan Tusker, you may search your library for a basic land card, reveal that card, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library. (Do this before you draw.)


Krosan Warchief
   Beast spells you cast cost |mana_1| less to cast.

   |mana_1|\ |mana_g|: Regenerate target Beast.


Mold Shambler
   Kicker |mana_1|\ |mana_g| (You may pay an additional |mana_1|\ |mana_g| as you cast this spell.)

   When Mold Shambler enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, destroy target noncreature permanent.


Naya Soulbeast
   When you cast this spell, each player reveals the top card of their library. Naya Soulbeast enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is the total converted mana cost of all cards revealed this way.

   Trample


Night Soil
   |mana_1|, Exile two creature cards from a single graveyard: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.


One Dozen Eyes
   Choose one —

   • Create a 5/5 green Beast creature token.

   • Create five 1/1 green Insect creature tokens.

   Entwine |mana_g|\ |mana_g|\ |mana_g| (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)


Phantom Nantuko
   Trample

   Phantom Nantuko enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it.

   If damage would be dealt to Phantom Nantuko, prevent that damage. Remove a +1/+1 counter from Phantom Nantuko.

   |tap|: Put a +1/+1 counter on Phantom Nantuko.


Presence of Gond
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature has "|tap|: Create a 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature token."


Primal Vigor
   If one or more tokens would be created, twice that many of those tokens are created instead.

   If one or more +1/+1 counters would be put on a creature, twice that many +1/+1 counters are put on that creature instead.


Rain of Thorns
   Choose one or more —

   • Destroy target artifact.

   • Destroy target enchantment.

   • Destroy target land.


Rampaging Baloths
   Trample

   Landfall — Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may create a 4/4 green Beast creature token.


Ravenous Baloth
   Sacrifice a Beast: You gain 4 life.


Reincarnation
   Choose target creature. When that creature dies this turn, return a creature card from its owner's graveyard to the battlefield under the control of that creature's owner.


Restore
   Put target land card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control.


Sakura-Tribe Elder
   Sacrifice Sakura-Tribe Elder: Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.


Silklash Spider
   Reach

   |mana_x|\ |mana_g|\ |mana_g|: Silklash Spider deals X damage to each creature with flying.


Slice in Twain
   Destroy target artifact or enchantment.

   Draw a card.


Spawning Grounds
   Enchant land

   Enchanted land has "|tap|: Create a 5/5 green Beast creature token with trample."


Spoils of Victory
   Search your library for a Plains, Island, Swamp, Mountain, or Forest card and put that card onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library.


Sprouting Vines
   Search your library for a basic land card, reveal that card, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library.

   Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn.)


Tempt with Discovery
   Tempting offer — Search your library for a land card and put it onto the battlefield. Each opponent may search their library for a land card and put it onto the battlefield. For each opponent who searches a library this way, search your library for a land card and put it onto the battlefield. Then each player who searched a library this way shuffles it.


Walker of the Grove
   When Walker of the Grove leaves the battlefield, create a 4/4 green Elemental creature token.

   Evoke |mana_4|\ |mana_g| (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)


Aethermage's Touch
   Reveal the top four cards of your library. You may put a creature card from among them onto the battlefield. It gains "At the beginning of your end step, return this creature to its owner's hand." Then put the rest of the cards revealed this way on the bottom of your library in any order.


Baleful Strix
   Flying, deathtouch

   When Baleful Strix enters the battlefield, draw a card.


Behemoth Sledge
   Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has trample and lifelink.

   Equip |mana_3|


Boros Charm
   Choose one —

   • Boros Charm deals 4 damage to target player or planeswalker.

   • Permanents you control gain indestructible until end of turn.

   • Target creature gains double strike until end of turn.


Charnelhoard Wurm
   Trample

   Whenever Charnelhoard Wurm deals damage to an opponent, you may return target card from your graveyard to your hand.


Crosis's Charm
   Choose one —

   • Return target permanent to its owner's hand.

   • Destroy target nonblack creature. It can't be regenerated.

   • Destroy target artifact.


Cruel Ultimatum
   Target opponent sacrifices a creature, discards three cards, then loses 5 life. You return a creature card from your graveyard to your hand, draw three cards, then gain 5 life.


Death Grasp
   Death Grasp deals X damage to any target. You gain X life.


Deathbringer Thoctar
   Whenever another creature dies, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Deathbringer Thoctar.

   Remove a +1/+1 counter from Deathbringer Thoctar: Deathbringer Thoctar deals 1 damage to any target.


Deepfire Elemental
   |mana_x|\ |mana_x|\ |mana_1|: Destroy target artifact or creature with converted mana cost X.


Derevi, Empyrial Tactician
   Flying

   Whenever Derevi, Empyrial Tactician enters the battlefield or a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, you may tap or untap target permanent.

   |mana_1|\ |mana_g|\ |mana_w|\ |mana_u|: Put Derevi onto the battlefield from the command zone.


Dromar's Charm
   Choose one —

   • You gain 5 life.

   • Counter target spell.

   • Target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn.


Fiery Justice
   Fiery Justice deals 5 damage divided as you choose among any number of targets. Target opponent gains 5 life.


Filigree Angel
   Flying

   When Filigree Angel enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life for each artifact you control.


Fires of Yavimaya
   Creatures you control have haste.

   Sacrifice Fires of Yavimaya: Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.


Gahiji, Honored One
   Whenever a creature attacks one of your opponents or a planeswalker an opponent controls, that creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn.


Grixis Charm
   Choose one —

   • Return target permanent to its owner's hand.

   • Target creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn.

   • Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn.


Hull Breach
   Choose one —

   • Destroy target artifact.

   • Destroy target enchantment.

   • Destroy target artifact and target enchantment.


Jeleva, Nephalia's Scourge
   Flying

   When Jeleva, Nephalia's Scourge enters the battlefield, each player exiles the top X cards of their library, where X is the amount of mana spent to cast Jeleva.

   Whenever Jeleva attacks, you may cast an instant or sorcery card exiled with it without paying its mana cost.


Jund Charm
   Choose one —

   • Exile all cards from target player's graveyard.

   • Jund Charm deals 2 damage to each creature.

   • Put two +1/+1 counters on target creature.


Leafdrake Roost
   Enchant land

   Enchanted land has "|mana_g|\ |mana_u|, |tap|: Create a 2/2 green and blue Drake creature token with flying."


Lim-Dûl's Vault
   Look at the top five cards of your library. As many times as you choose, you may pay 1 life, put those cards on the bottom of your library in any order, then look at the top five cards of your library. Then shuffle your library and put the last cards you looked at this way on top of it in any order.


Marath, Will of the Wild
   Marath, Will of the Wild enters the battlefield with a number of +1/+1 counters on it equal to the amount of mana spent to cast it.

   |mana_x|, Remove X +1/+1 counters from Marath: Choose one —

   • Put X +1/+1 counters on target creature. X can't be 0.

   • Marath deals X damage to any target. X can't be 0.

   • Create an X/X green Elemental creature token. X can't be 0.


Mayael the Anima
   |mana_3|\ |mana_r|\ |mana_g|\ |mana_w|, |tap|: Look at the top five cards of your library. You may put a creature card with power 5 or greater from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.


Naya Charm
   Choose one —

   • Naya Charm deals 3 damage to target creature.

   • Return target card from a graveyard to its owner's hand.

   • Tap all creatures target player controls.


Nekusar, the Mindrazer
   At the beginning of each player's draw step, that player draws an additional card.

   Whenever an opponent draws a card, Nekusar, the Mindrazer deals 1 damage to that player.


Nivix Guildmage
   |mana_1|\ |mana_u|\ |mana_r|: Draw a card, then discard a card.

   |mana_2|\ |mana_u|\ |mana_r|: Copy target instant or sorcery spell you control. You may choose new targets for the copy.


Oloro, Ageless Ascetic
   At the beginning of your upkeep, you gain 2 life.

   Whenever you gain life, you may pay |mana_1|. If you do, draw a card and each opponent loses 1 life.

   At the beginning of your upkeep, if Oloro, Ageless Ascetic is in the command zone, you gain 2 life.


Prossh, Skyraider of Kher
   When you cast this spell, create X 0/1 red Kobold creature tokens named Kobolds of Kher Keep, where X is the amount of mana spent to cast Prossh.

   Flying

   Sacrifice another creature: Prossh, Skyraider of Kher gets +1/+0 until end of turn.


Rakeclaw Gargantuan
   |mana_1|: Target creature with power 5 or greater gains first strike until end of turn.


Roon of the Hidden Realm
   Vigilance, trample

   |mana_2|, |tap|: Exile another target creature. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step.


Rubinia Soulsinger
   You may choose not to untap Rubinia Soulsinger during your untap step.

   |tap|: Gain control of target creature for as long as you control Rubinia and Rubinia remains tapped.


Savage Twister
   Savage Twister deals X damage to each creature.


Scarland Thrinax
   Sacrifice a creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on Scarland Thrinax.


Sek'Kuar, Deathkeeper
   Whenever another nontoken creature you control dies, create a 3/1 black and red Graveborn creature token with haste.


Selesnya Charm
   Choose one —

   • Target creature gets +2/+2 and gains trample until end of turn.

   • Exile target creature with power 5 or greater.

   • Create a 2/2 white Knight creature token with vigilance.


Sharuum the Hegemon
   Flying

   When Sharuum the Hegemon enters the battlefield, you may return target artifact card from your graveyard to the battlefield.


Shattergang Brothers
   |mana_2|\ |mana_b|, Sacrifice a creature: Each other player sacrifices a creature.

   |mana_2|\ |mana_r|, Sacrifice an artifact: Each other player sacrifices an artifact.

   |mana_2|\ |mana_g|, Sacrifice an enchantment: Each other player sacrifices an enchantment.


Skyward Eye Prophets
   Vigilance

   |tap|: Reveal the top card of your library. If it's a land card, put it onto the battlefield. Otherwise, put it into your hand.


Soul Manipulation
   Choose one or both —

   • Counter target creature spell.

   • Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.


Spellbreaker Behemoth
   This spell can't be countered.

   Creature spells you control with power 5 or greater can't be countered.


Sphinx of the Steel Wind
   Flying, first strike, vigilance, lifelink, protection from red and from green


Spinal Embrace
   Cast this spell only during combat.

   Untap target creature you don't control and gain control of it. It gains haste until end of turn. At the beginning of the next end step, sacrifice it. If you do, you gain life equal to its toughness.


Sprouting Thrinax
   When Sprouting Thrinax dies, create three 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens.


Sydri, Galvanic Genius
   |mana_u|: Target noncreature artifact becomes an artifact creature with power and toughness each equal to its converted mana cost until end of turn.

   |mana_w|\ |mana_b|: Target artifact creature gains deathtouch and lifelink until end of turn.


Thraximundar
   Haste

   Whenever Thraximundar attacks, defending player sacrifices a creature.

   Whenever a player sacrifices a creature, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Thraximundar.


Tidehollow Strix
   Flying

   Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)


Tower Gargoyle
   Flying


Valley Rannet
   Mountaincycling |mana_2|, forestcycling |mana_2| (|mana_2|, Discard this card: Search your library for a Mountain or Forest card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)


Vizkopa Guildmage
   |mana_1|\ |mana_w|\ |mana_b|: Target creature gains lifelink until end of turn.

   |mana_1|\ |mana_w|\ |mana_b|: Whenever you gain life this turn, each opponent loses that much life.


Winged Coatl
   Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)

   Flying

   Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)


Augury Adept
   Whenever Augury Adept deals combat damage to a player, reveal the top card of your library and put that card into your hand. You gain life equal to its converted mana cost.


Divinity of Pride
   Flying, lifelink

   Divinity of Pride gets +4/+4 as long as you have 25 or more life.


Golgari Guildmage
   |mana_4|\ |mana_b|, Sacrifice a creature: Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.

   |mana_4|\ |mana_g|: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.


Mistmeadow Witch
   |mana_2|\ |mana_w|\ |mana_u|: Exile target creature. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step.


Murkfiend Liege
   Other green creatures you control get +1/+1.

   Other blue creatures you control get +1/+1.

   Untap all green and/or blue creatures you control during each other player's untap step.


Selesnya Guildmage
   |mana_3|\ |mana_g|: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.

   |mana_3|\ |mana_w|: Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.


Spiteful Visions
   At the beginning of each player's draw step, that player draws an additional card.

   Whenever a player draws a card, Spiteful Visions deals 1 damage to that player.


Thopter Foundry
   |mana_1|, Sacrifice a nontoken artifact: Create a 1/1 blue Thopter artifact creature token with flying. You gain 1 life.


Armillary Sphere
   |mana_2|, |tap|, Sacrifice Armillary Sphere: Search your library for up to two basic land cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then shuffle your library.


Azorius Keyrune
   |tap|: Add |mana_w| or |mana_u|.

   |mana_w|\ |mana_u|: Azorius Keyrune becomes a 2/2 white and blue Bird artifact creature with flying until end of turn.


Basalt Monolith
   Basalt Monolith doesn't untap during your untap step.

   |tap|: Add |colorless|\ |colorless|\ |colorless|.

   |mana_3|: Untap Basalt Monolith.


Carnage Altar
   |mana_3|, Sacrifice a creature: Draw a card.


Conjurer's Closet
   At the beginning of your end step, you may exile target creature you control, then return that card to the battlefield under your control.


Crawlspace
   No more than two creatures can attack you each combat.


Darksteel Ingot
   Indestructible

   |tap|: Add one mana of any color.


Druidic Satchel
   |mana_2|, |tap|: Reveal the top card of your library. If it's a creature card, create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token. If it's a land card, put that card onto the battlefield under your control. If it's a noncreature, nonland card, you gain 2 life.


Eye of Doom
   When Eye of Doom enters the battlefield, each player chooses a nonland permanent and puts a doom counter on it.

   |mana_2|, |tap|, Sacrifice Eye of Doom: Destroy each permanent with a doom counter on it.


Jar of Eyeballs
   Whenever a creature you control dies, put two eyeball counters on Jar of Eyeballs.

   |mana_3|, |tap|, Remove all eyeball counters from Jar of Eyeballs: Look at the top X cards of your library, where X is the number of eyeball counters removed this way. Put one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.


Leonin Bladetrap
   Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)

   |mana_2|, Sacrifice Leonin Bladetrap: It deals 2 damage to each attacking creature without flying.


Mirari
   Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, you may pay |mana_3|. If you do, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.


Myr Battlesphere
   When Myr Battlesphere enters the battlefield, create four 1/1 colorless Myr artifact creature tokens.

   Whenever Myr Battlesphere attacks, you may tap X untapped Myr you control. If you do, Myr Battlesphere gets +X/+0 until end of turn and deals X damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.


Nevinyrral's Disk
   Nevinyrral's Disk enters the battlefield tapped.

   |mana_1|, |tap|: Destroy all artifacts, creatures, and enchantments.


Nihil Spellbomb
   |tap|, Sacrifice Nihil Spellbomb: Exile all cards from target player's graveyard.

   When Nihil Spellbomb is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may pay |mana_b|. If you do, draw a card.


Obelisk of Esper
   |tap|: Add |mana_w|, |mana_u|, or |mana_b|.


Obelisk of Grixis
   |tap|: Add |mana_u|, |mana_b|, or |mana_r|.


Obelisk of Jund
   |tap|: Add |mana_b|, |mana_r|, or |mana_g|.


Pilgrim's Eye
   Flying

   When Pilgrim's Eye enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.


Plague Boiler
   At the beginning of your upkeep, put a plague counter on Plague Boiler.

   |mana_1|\ |mana_b|\ |mana_g|: Put a plague counter on Plague Boiler or remove a plague counter from it.

   When Plague Boiler has three or more plague counters on it, sacrifice it. If you do, destroy all nonland permanents.


Pristine Talisman
   |tap|: Add |colorless|. You gain 1 life.


Seer's Sundial
   Landfall — Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay |mana_2|. If you do, draw a card.


Selesnya Signet
   |mana_1|, |tap|: Add |mana_g|\ |mana_w|.


Simic Signet
   |mana_1|, |tap|: Add |mana_g|\ |mana_u|.


Sol Ring
   |tap|: Add |colorless|\ |colorless|.


Spine of Ish Sah
   When Spine of Ish Sah enters the battlefield, destroy target permanent.

   When Spine of Ish Sah is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return Spine of Ish Sah to its owner's hand.


Sun Droplet
   Whenever you're dealt damage, put that many charge counters on Sun Droplet.

   At the beginning of each upkeep, you may remove a charge counter from Sun Droplet. If you do, you gain 1 life.


Surveyor's Scope
   |tap|, Exile Surveyor's Scope: Search your library for up to X basic land cards, where X is the number of players who control at least two more lands than you. Put those cards onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library.


Swiftfoot Boots
   Equipped creature has hexproof and haste.

   Equip |mana_1|


Sword of the Paruns
   As long as equipped creature is tapped, tapped creatures you control get +2/+0.

   As long as equipped creature is untapped, untapped creatures you control get +0/+2.

   |mana_3|: You may tap or untap equipped creature.

   Equip |mana_3|


Temple Bell
   |tap|: Each player draws a card.


Thousand-Year Elixir
   You may activate abilities of creatures you control as though those creatures had haste.

   |mana_1|, |tap|: Untap target creature.


Thunderstaff
   As long as Thunderstaff is untapped, if a creature would deal combat damage to you, prevent 1 of that damage.

   |mana_2|, |tap|: Attacking creatures get +1/+0 until end of turn.


Tower of Fortunes
   |mana_8|, |tap|: Draw four cards.


Viseling
   At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, Viseling deals X damage to that player, where X is the number of cards in their hand minus 4.


Wayfarer's Bauble
   |mana_2|, |tap|, Sacrifice Wayfarer's Bauble: Search your library for a basic land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library.


Well of Lost Dreams
   Whenever you gain life, you may pay |mana_x|, where X is less than or equal to the amount of life you gained. If you do, draw X cards.


Akoum Refuge
   Akoum Refuge enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Akoum Refuge enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b| or |mana_r|.


Arcane Sanctum
   Arcane Sanctum enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_w|, |mana_u|, or |mana_b|.


Azorius Chancery
   Azorius Chancery enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Azorius Chancery enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.

   |tap|: Add |mana_w|\ |mana_u|.


Azorius Guildgate
   Azorius Guildgate enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_w| or |mana_u|.


Bant Panorama
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_1|, |tap|, Sacrifice Bant Panorama: Search your library for a basic Forest, Plains, or Island card and put it onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library.


Barren Moor
   Barren Moor enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b|.

   Cycling |mana_b| (|mana_b|, Discard this card: Draw a card.)


Bojuka Bog
   Bojuka Bog enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Bojuka Bog enters the battlefield, exile all cards from target player's graveyard.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b|.


Boros Garrison
   Boros Garrison enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Boros Garrison enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r|\ |mana_w|.


Boros Guildgate
   Boros Guildgate enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r| or |mana_w|.


Command Tower
   |tap|: Add one mana of any color in your commander's color identity.


Contested Cliffs
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_r|\ |mana_g|, |tap|: Target Beast creature you control fights target creature an opponent controls. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)


Crumbling Necropolis
   Crumbling Necropolis enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_u|, |mana_b|, or |mana_r|.


Dimir Guildgate
   Dimir Guildgate enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_u| or |mana_b|.


Drifting Meadow
   Drifting Meadow enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_w|.

   Cycling |mana_2| (|mana_2|, Discard this card: Draw a card.)


Esper Panorama
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_1|, |tap|, Sacrifice Esper Panorama: Search your library for a basic Plains, Island, or Swamp card and put it onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library.


Evolving Wilds
   |tap|, Sacrifice Evolving Wilds: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.


Faerie Conclave
   Faerie Conclave enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_u|.

   |mana_1|\ |mana_u|: Faerie Conclave becomes a 2/1 blue Faerie creature with flying until end of turn. It's still a land.


Forgotten Cave
   Forgotten Cave enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r|.

   Cycling |mana_r| (|mana_r|, Discard this card: Draw a card.)


Golgari Guildgate
   Golgari Guildgate enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b| or |mana_g|.


Golgari Rot Farm
   Golgari Rot Farm enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Golgari Rot Farm enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b|\ |mana_g|.


Grim Backwoods
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_2|\ |mana_b|\ |mana_g|, |tap|, Sacrifice a creature: Draw a card.


Grixis Panorama
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_1|, |tap|, Sacrifice Grixis Panorama: Search your library for a basic Island, Swamp, or Mountain card and put it onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library.


Gruul Guildgate
   Gruul Guildgate enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r| or |mana_g|.


Homeward Path
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |tap|: Each player gains control of all creatures they own.


Izzet Boilerworks
   Izzet Boilerworks enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Izzet Boilerworks enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.

   |tap|: Add |mana_u|\ |mana_r|.


Izzet Guildgate
   Izzet Guildgate enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_u| or |mana_r|.


Jund Panorama
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_1|, |tap|, Sacrifice Jund Panorama: Search your library for a basic Swamp, Mountain, or Forest card and put it onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library.


Jungle Shrine
   Jungle Shrine enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r|, |mana_g|, or |mana_w|.


Jwar Isle Refuge
   Jwar Isle Refuge enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Jwar Isle Refuge enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.

   |tap|: Add |mana_u| or |mana_b|.


Kazandu Refuge
   Kazandu Refuge enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Kazandu Refuge enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r| or |mana_g|.


Khalni Garden
   Khalni Garden enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Khalni Garden enters the battlefield, create a 0/1 green Plant creature token.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g|.


Kher Keep
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_1|\ |mana_r|, |tap|: Create a 0/1 red Kobold creature token named Kobolds of Kher Keep.


Llanowar Reborn
   Llanowar Reborn enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g|.

   Graft 1 (This land enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it. Whenever a creature enters the battlefield, you may move a +1/+1 counter from this land onto it.)


Lonely Sandbar
   Lonely Sandbar enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_u|.

   Cycling |mana_u| (|mana_u|, Discard this card: Draw a card.)


Molten Slagheap
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_1|, |tap|: Put a storage counter on Molten Slagheap.

   |mana_1|, Remove X storage counters from Molten Slagheap: Add X mana in any combination of |mana_b| and/or |mana_r|.


Mosswort Bridge
   Hideaway (This land enters the battlefield tapped. When it does, look at the top four cards of your library, exile one face down, then put the rest on the bottom of your library.)

   |tap|: Add |mana_g|.

   |mana_g|, |tap|: You may play the exiled card without paying its mana cost if creatures you control have total power 10 or greater.


Naya Panorama
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_1|, |tap|, Sacrifice Naya Panorama: Search your library for a basic Mountain, Forest, or Plains card and put it onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library.


New Benalia
   New Benalia enters the battlefield tapped.

   When New Benalia enters the battlefield, scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)

   |tap|: Add |mana_w|.


Opal Palace
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_1|, |tap|: Add one mana of any color in your commander's color identity. If you spend this mana to cast your commander, it enters the battlefield with a number of additional +1/+1 counters on it equal to the number of times it's been cast from the command zone this game.


Orzhov Basilica
   Orzhov Basilica enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Orzhov Basilica enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.

   |tap|: Add |mana_w|\ |mana_b|.


Orzhov Guildgate
   Orzhov Guildgate enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_w| or |mana_b|.


Rakdos Carnarium
   Rakdos Carnarium enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Rakdos Carnarium enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b|\ |mana_r|.


Rakdos Guildgate
   Rakdos Guildgate enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b| or |mana_r|.


Rupture Spire
   Rupture Spire enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Rupture Spire enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you pay |mana_1|.

   |tap|: Add one mana of any color.


Saltcrusted Steppe
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_1|, |tap|: Put a storage counter on Saltcrusted Steppe.

   |mana_1|, Remove X storage counters from Saltcrusted Steppe: Add X mana in any combination of |mana_g| and/or |mana_w|.


Savage Lands
   Savage Lands enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b|, |mana_r|, or |mana_g|.


Seaside Citadel
   Seaside Citadel enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g|, |mana_w|, or |mana_u|.


Secluded Steppe
   Secluded Steppe enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_w|.

   Cycling |mana_w| (|mana_w|, Discard this card: Draw a card.)


Sejiri Refuge
   Sejiri Refuge enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Sejiri Refuge enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.

   |tap|: Add |mana_w| or |mana_u|.


Selesnya Guildgate
   Selesnya Guildgate enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g| or |mana_w|.


Selesnya Sanctuary
   Selesnya Sanctuary enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Selesnya Sanctuary enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g|\ |mana_w|.


Simic Guildgate
   Simic Guildgate enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g| or |mana_u|.


Slippery Karst
   Slippery Karst enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g|.

   Cycling |mana_2| (|mana_2|, Discard this card: Draw a card.)


Smoldering Crater
   Smoldering Crater enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r|.

   Cycling |mana_2| (|mana_2|, Discard this card: Draw a card.)


Springjack Pasture
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_4|, |tap|: Create a 0/1 white Goat creature token.

   |tap|, Sacrifice X Goats: Add X mana of any one color. You gain X life.


Temple of the False God
   |tap|: Add |colorless|\ |colorless|. Activate this ability only if you control five or more lands.


Terramorphic Expanse
   |tap|, Sacrifice Terramorphic Expanse: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.


Tranquil Thicket
   Tranquil Thicket enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g|.

   Cycling |mana_g| (|mana_g|, Discard this card: Draw a card.)


Transguild Promenade
   Transguild Promenade enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Transguild Promenade enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you pay |mana_1|.

   |tap|: Add one mana of any color.


Urza's Factory
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_7|, |tap|: Create a 2/2 colorless Assembly-Worker artifact creature token.


Vitu-Ghazi, the City-Tree
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_2|\ |mana_g|\ |mana_w|, |tap|: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.


Vivid Crag
   Vivid Crag enters the battlefield tapped with two charge counters on it.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r|.

   |tap|, Remove a charge counter from Vivid Crag: Add one mana of any color.


Vivid Creek
   Vivid Creek enters the battlefield tapped with two charge counters on it.

   |tap|: Add |mana_u|.

   |tap|, Remove a charge counter from Vivid Creek: Add one mana of any color.


Vivid Grove
   Vivid Grove enters the battlefield tapped with two charge counters on it.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g|.

   |tap|, Remove a charge counter from Vivid Grove: Add one mana of any color.


Vivid Marsh
   Vivid Marsh enters the battlefield tapped with two charge counters on it.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b|.

   |tap|, Remove a charge counter from Vivid Marsh: Add one mana of any color.


Plains
   


Plains
   


Plains
   


Plains
   


Island
   


Island
   


Island
   


Island
   


Swamp
   


Swamp
   


Swamp
   


Swamp
   


Mountain
   


Mountain
   


Mountain
   


Mountain
   


Forest
   


Forest
   


Forest
   


Forest
   

