.. Commander 2014 (autogenerated)
.. include:: symbols.rst
        
Commander 2014
==============
        

Angel of the Dire Hour
   Flash

   Flying

   When Angel of the Dire Hour enters the battlefield, if you cast it from your hand, exile all attacking creatures.


Angelic Field Marshal
   Flying

   Lieutenant — As long as you control your commander, Angelic Field Marshal gets +2/+2 and creatures you control have vigilance.


Benevolent Offering
   Choose an opponent. You and that player each create three 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying.

   Choose an opponent. You gain 2 life for each creature you control and that player gains 2 life for each creature they control.


Comeuppance
   Prevent all damage that would be dealt to you and planeswalkers you control this turn by sources you don't control. If damage from a creature source is prevented this way, Comeuppance deals that much damage to that creature. If damage from a noncreature source is prevented this way, Comeuppance deals that much damage to the source's controller.


Containment Priest
   Flash

   If a nontoken creature would enter the battlefield and it wasn't cast, exile it instead.


Deploy to the Front
   Create X 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens, where X is the number of creatures on the battlefield.


Fell the Mighty
   Destroy all creatures with power greater than target creature's power.


Hallowed Spiritkeeper
   Vigilance

   When Hallowed Spiritkeeper dies, create X 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying, where X is the number of creature cards in your graveyard.


Jazal Goldmane
   First strike

   |mana_3|\ |mana_w|\ |mana_w|: Attacking creatures you control get +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of attacking creatures.


Nahiri, the Lithomancer
   +2: Create a 1/1 white Kor Soldier creature token. You may attach an Equipment you control to it.

   −2: You may put an Equipment card from your hand or graveyard onto the battlefield.

   −10: Create a colorless Equipment artifact token named Stoneforged Blade. It has indestructible, "Equipped creature gets +5/+5 and has double strike," and equip |mana_0|.

   Nahiri, the Lithomancer can be your commander.


Aether Gale
   Return six target nonland permanents to their owners' hands.


Breaching Leviathan
   When Breaching Leviathan enters the battlefield, if you cast it from your hand, tap all nonblue creatures. Those creatures don't untap during their controllers' next untap steps.


Domineering Will
   Target player gains control of up to three target nonattacking creatures until end of turn. Untap those creatures. They block this turn if able.


Dulcet Sirens
   |mana_u|, |tap|: Target creature attacks target opponent this turn if able.

   Morph |mana_u| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)


Intellectual Offering
   Choose an opponent. You and that player each draw three cards.

   Choose an opponent. Untap all nonland permanents you control and all nonland permanents that player controls.


Reef Worm
   When Reef Worm dies, create a 3/3 blue Fish creature token with "When this creature dies, create a 6/6 blue Whale creature token with 'When this creature dies, create a 9/9 blue Kraken creature token.'"


Stitcher Geralf
   |mana_2|\ |mana_u|, |tap|: Each player puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard. Exile up to two creature cards put into graveyards this way. Create an X/X blue Zombie creature token, where X is the total power of the cards exiled this way.


Stormsurge Kraken
   Hexproof

   Lieutenant — As long as you control your commander, Stormsurge Kraken gets +2/+2 and has "Whenever Stormsurge Kraken becomes blocked, you may draw two cards."


Teferi, Temporal Archmage
   +1: Look at the top two cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the other on the bottom of your library.

   −1: Untap up to four target permanents.

   −10: You get an emblem with "You may activate loyalty abilities of planeswalkers you control on any player's turn any time you could cast an instant."

   Teferi, Temporal Archmage can be your commander.


Well of Ideas
   When Well of Ideas enters the battlefield, draw two cards.

   At the beginning of each other player's draw step, that player draws an additional card.

   At the beginning of your draw step, draw two additional cards.


Demon of Wailing Agonies
   Flying

   Lieutenant — As long as you control your commander, Demon of Wailing Agonies gets +2/+2 and has "Whenever Demon of Wailing Agonies deals combat damage to a player, that player sacrifices a creature."


Flesh Carver
   Intimidate (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)

   |mana_1|\ |mana_b|, Sacrifice another creature: Put two +1/+1 counters on Flesh Carver.

   When Flesh Carver dies, create an X/X black Horror creature token, where X is Flesh Carver's power.


Ghoulcaller Gisa
   |mana_b|, |tap|, Sacrifice another creature: Create X 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens, where X is the sacrificed creature's power.


Infernal Offering
   Choose an opponent. You and that player each sacrifice a creature. Each player who sacrificed a creature this way draws two cards.

   Choose an opponent. Return a creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield, then that player returns a creature card from their graveyard to the battlefield.


Malicious Affliction
   Morbid — When you cast this spell, if a creature died this turn, you may copy Malicious Affliction and may choose a new target for the copy.

   Destroy target nonblack creature.


Necromantic Selection
   Destroy all creatures, then return a creature card put into a graveyard this way to the battlefield under your control. It's a black Zombie in addition to its other colors and types. Exile Necromantic Selection.


Ob Nixilis of the Black Oath
   +2: Each opponent loses 1 life. You gain life equal to the life lost this way.

   −2: Create a 5/5 black Demon creature token with flying. You lose 2 life.

   −8: You get an emblem with "|mana_1|\ |mana_b|, Sacrifice a creature: You gain X life and draw X cards, where X is the sacrificed creature's power."

   Ob Nixilis of the Black Oath can be your commander.


Overseer of the Damned
   Flying

   When Overseer of the Damned enters the battlefield, you may destroy target creature.

   Whenever a nontoken creature an opponent controls dies, create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token.


Raving Dead
   Deathtouch

   At the beginning of combat on your turn, choose an opponent at random. Raving Dead attacks that player this combat if able.

   Whenever Raving Dead deals combat damage to a player, that player loses half their life, rounded down.


Spoils of Blood
   Create an X/X black Horror creature token, where X is the number of creatures that died this turn.


Wake the Dead
   Cast this spell only during combat on an opponent's turn.

   Return X target creature cards from your graveyard to the battlefield. Sacrifice those creatures at the beginning of the next end step.


Bitter Feud
   As Bitter Feud enters the battlefield, choose two players.

   If a source controlled by one of the chosen players would deal damage to the other chosen player or a permanent that player controls, that source deals double that damage to that player or permanent instead.


Daretti, Scrap Savant
   +2: Discard up to two cards, then draw that many cards.

   −2: Sacrifice an artifact. If you do, return target artifact card from your graveyard to the battlefield.

   −10: You get an emblem with "Whenever an artifact is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, return that card to the battlefield at the beginning of the next end step."

   Daretti, Scrap Savant can be your commander.


Dualcaster Mage
   Flash

   When Dualcaster Mage enters the battlefield, copy target instant or sorcery spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.


Feldon of the Third Path
   |mana_2|\ |mana_r|, |tap|: Create a token that's a copy of target creature card in your graveyard, except it's an artifact in addition to its other types. It gains haste. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.


Impact Resonance
   Impact Resonance deals X damage divided as you choose among any number of target creatures, where X is the greatest amount of damage dealt by a source to a permanent or player this turn.


Incite Rebellion
   For each player, Incite Rebellion deals damage to that player and each creature that player controls equal to the number of creatures they control.


Scrap Mastery
   Each player exiles all artifact cards from their graveyard, then sacrifices all artifacts they control, then puts all cards they exiled this way onto the battlefield.


Tyrant's Familiar
   Flying, haste

   Lieutenant — As long as you control your commander, Tyrant's Familiar gets +2/+2 and has "Whenever Tyrant's Familiar attacks, it deals 7 damage to target creature defending player controls."


Volcanic Offering
   Destroy target nonbasic land you don't control and target nonbasic land of an opponent's choice you don't control.

   Volcanic Offering deals 7 damage to target creature you don't control and 7 damage to target creature of an opponent's choice you don't control.


Warmonger Hellkite
   Flying

   All creatures attack each combat if able.

   |mana_1|\ |mana_r|: Attacking creatures get +1/+0 until end of turn.


Creeperhulk
   Trample

   |mana_1|\ |mana_g|: Until end of turn, target creature you control has base power and toughness 5/5 and gains trample.


Freyalise, Llanowar's Fury
   +2: Create a 1/1 green Elf Druid creature token with "|tap|: Add |mana_g|."

   −2: Destroy target artifact or enchantment.

   −6: Draw a card for each green creature you control.

   Freyalise, Llanowar's Fury can be your commander.


Grave Sifter
   When Grave Sifter enters the battlefield, each player chooses a creature type and returns any number of cards of that type from their graveyard to their hand.


Lifeblood Hydra
   Trample

   Lifeblood Hydra enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.

   When Lifeblood Hydra dies, you gain life and draw cards equal to its power.


Siege Behemoth
   Hexproof

   As long as Siege Behemoth is attacking, for each creature you control, you may have that creature assign its combat damage as though it weren't blocked.


Song of the Dryads
   Enchant permanent

   Enchanted permanent is a colorless Forest land.


Sylvan Offering
   Choose an opponent. You and that player each create an X/X green Treefolk creature token.

   Choose an opponent. You and that player each create X 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature tokens.


Thunderfoot Baloth
   Trample

   Lieutenant — As long as you control your commander, Thunderfoot Baloth gets +2/+2 and other creatures you control get +2/+2 and have trample.


Titania, Protector of Argoth
   When Titania, Protector of Argoth enters the battlefield, return target land card from your graveyard to the battlefield.

   Whenever a land you control is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, create a 5/3 green Elemental creature token.


Wave of Vitriol
   Each player sacrifices all artifacts, enchantments, and nonbasic lands they control. For each land sacrificed this way, its controller may search their library for a basic land card and put it onto the battlefield tapped. Then each player who searched their library this way shuffles it.


Wolfcaller's Howl
   At the beginning of your upkeep, create X 2/2 green Wolf creature tokens, where X is the number of your opponents with four or more cards in hand.


Assault Suit
   Equipped creature gets +2/+2, has haste, can't attack you or a planeswalker you control, and can't be sacrificed.

   At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, you may have that player gain control of equipped creature until end of turn. If you do, untap it.

   Equip |mana_3|


Commander's Sphere
   |tap|: Add one mana of any color in your commander's color identity.

   Sacrifice Commander's Sphere: Draw a card.


Crown of Doom
   Whenever a creature attacks you or a planeswalker you control, it gets +2/+0 until end of turn.

   |mana_2|: Target player other than Crown of Doom's owner gains control of it. Activate this ability only during your turn.


Loreseeker's Stone
   |mana_3|, |tap|: Draw three cards. This ability costs |mana_1| more to activate for each card in your hand.


Masterwork of Ingenuity
   You may have Masterwork of Ingenuity enter the battlefield as a copy of any Equipment on the battlefield.


Unstable Obelisk
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_7|, |tap|, Sacrifice Unstable Obelisk: Destroy target permanent.


Arcane Lighthouse
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_1|, |tap|: Until end of turn, creatures your opponents control lose hexproof and shroud and can't have hexproof or shroud.


Flamekin Village
   As Flamekin Village enters the battlefield, you may reveal an Elemental card from your hand. If you don't, Flamekin Village enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r|.

   |mana_r|, |tap|: Target creature gains haste until end of turn.


Myriad Landscape
   Myriad Landscape enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_2|, |tap|, Sacrifice Myriad Landscape: Search your library for up to two basic land cards that share a land type, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.


Artisan of Kozilek
   When you cast this spell, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.

   Annihilator 2 (Whenever this creature attacks, defending player sacrifices two permanents.)


Adarkar Valkyrie
   Flying, vigilance

   |tap|: When target creature other than Adarkar Valkyrie dies this turn, return that card to the battlefield under your control.


Afterlife
   Destroy target creature. It can't be regenerated. Its controller creates a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.


Armistice
   |mana_3|\ |mana_w|\ |mana_w|: You draw a card and target opponent gains 3 life.


Brave the Elements
   Choose a color. White creatures you control gain protection from the chosen color until end of turn.


Cathars' Crusade
   Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.


Celestial Crusader
   Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)

   Split second (As long as this spell is on the stack, players can't cast spells or activate abilities that aren't mana abilities.)

   Flying

   Other white creatures get +1/+1.


Condemn
   Put target attacking creature on the bottom of its owner's library. Its controller gains life equal to its toughness.


Decree of Justice
   Create X 4/4 white Angel creature tokens with flying.

   Cycling |mana_2|\ |mana_w| (|mana_2|\ |mana_w|, Discard this card: Draw a card.)

   When you cycle Decree of Justice, you may pay |mana_x|. If you do, create X 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens.


Flickerwisp
   Flying

   When Flickerwisp enters the battlefield, exile another target permanent. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control at the beginning of the next end step.


Geist-Honored Monk
   Vigilance

   Geist-Honored Monk's power and toughness are each equal to the number of creatures you control.

   When Geist-Honored Monk enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying.


Gift of Estates
   If an opponent controls more lands than you, search your library for up to three Plains cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then shuffle your library.


Grand Abolisher
   During your turn, your opponents can't cast spells or activate abilities of artifacts, creatures, or enchantments.


Kemba, Kha Regent
   At the beginning of your upkeep, create a 2/2 white Cat creature token for each Equipment attached to Kemba, Kha Regent.


Kor Sanctifiers
   Kicker |mana_w| (You may pay an additional |mana_w| as you cast this spell.)

   When Kor Sanctifiers enters the battlefield, if it was kicked, destroy target artifact or enchantment.


Marshal's Anthem
   Multikicker |mana_1|\ |mana_w| (You may pay an additional |mana_1|\ |mana_w| any number of times as you cast this spell.)

   Creatures you control get +1/+1.

   When Marshal's Anthem enters the battlefield, return up to X target creature cards from your graveyard to the battlefield, where X is the number of times Marshal's Anthem was kicked.


Martial Coup
   Create X 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens. If X is 5 or more, destroy all other creatures.


Mentor of the Meek
   Whenever another creature with power 2 or less enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay |mana_1|. If you do, draw a card.


Midnight Haunting
   Create two 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying.


Mobilization
   Soldier creatures have vigilance.

   |mana_2|\ |mana_w|: Create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token.


Nomads' Assembly
   Create a 1/1 white Kor Soldier creature token for each creature you control.

   Rebound (If you cast this spell from your hand, exile it as it resolves. At the beginning of your next upkeep, you may cast this card from exile without paying its mana cost.)


Oblation
   The owner of target nonland permanent shuffles it into their library, then draws two cards.


Requiem Angel
   Flying

   Whenever another non-Spirit creature you control dies, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.


Return to Dust
   Exile target artifact or enchantment. If you cast this spell during your main phase, you may exile up to one other target artifact or enchantment.


Sacred Mesa
   At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Sacred Mesa unless you sacrifice a Pegasus.

   |mana_1|\ |mana_w|: Create a 1/1 white Pegasus creature token with flying.


Serra Avatar
   Serra Avatar's power and toughness are each equal to your life total.

   When Serra Avatar is put into a graveyard from anywhere, shuffle it into its owner's library.


Silverblade Paladin
   Soulbond (You may pair this creature with another unpaired creature when either enters the battlefield. They remain paired for as long as you control both of them.)

   As long as Silverblade Paladin is paired with another creature, both creatures have double strike.


Skyhunter Skirmisher
   Flying, double strike


Spectral Procession
   Create three 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying.


Sun Titan
   Vigilance

   Whenever Sun Titan enters the battlefield or attacks, you may return target permanent card with converted mana cost 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.


Sunblast Angel
   Flying

   When Sunblast Angel enters the battlefield, destroy all tapped creatures.


True Conviction
   Creatures you control have double strike and lifelink.


Twilight Shepherd
   Flying, vigilance

   When Twilight Shepherd enters the battlefield, return to your hand all cards in your graveyard that were put there from the battlefield this turn.

   Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)


White Sun's Zenith
   Create X 2/2 white Cat creature tokens. Shuffle White Sun's Zenith into its owner's library.


Whitemane Lion
   Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)

   When Whitemane Lion enters the battlefield, return a creature you control to its owner's hand.


Wing Shards
   Target player sacrifices an attacking creature.

   Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn.)


Azure Mage
   |mana_3|\ |mana_u|: Draw a card.


Brine Elemental
   Morph |mana_5|\ |mana_u|\ |mana_u| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)

   When Brine Elemental is turned face up, each opponent skips their next untap step.


Cackling Counterpart
   Create a token that's a copy of target creature you control.

   Flashback |mana_5|\ |mana_u|\ |mana_u| (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)


Call to Mind
   Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.


Compulsive Research
   Target player draws three cards. Then that player discards two cards unless they discard a land card.


Concentrate
   Draw three cards.


Cyclonic Rift
   Return target nonland permanent you don't control to its owner's hand.

   Overload |mana_6|\ |mana_u| (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change its text by replacing all instances of "target" with "each.")


Deep-Sea Kraken
   Deep-Sea Kraken can't be blocked.

   Suspend 9—|mana_2|\ |mana_u| (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay |mana_2|\ |mana_u| and exile it with nine time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)

   Whenever an opponent casts a spell, if Deep-Sea Kraken is suspended, remove a time counter from it.


Dismiss
   Counter target spell.

   Draw a card.


Distorting Wake
   Return X target nonland permanents to their owners' hands.


Exclude
   Counter target creature spell.

   Draw a card.


Fathom Seer
   Morph—Return two Islands you control to their owner's hand. (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)

   When Fathom Seer is turned face up, draw two cards.


Fog Bank
   Defender, flying

   Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by Fog Bank.


Fool's Demise
   Enchant creature

   When enchanted creature dies, return that card to the battlefield under your control.

   When Fool's Demise is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return Fool's Demise to its owner's hand.


Frost Titan
   Whenever Frost Titan becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter that spell or ability unless its controller pays |mana_2|.

   Whenever Frost Titan enters the battlefield or attacks, tap target permanent. It doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.


Hoverguard Sweepers
   Flying

   When Hoverguard Sweepers enters the battlefield, you may return up to two target creatures to their owners' hands.


Infinite Reflection
   Enchant creature

   When Infinite Reflection enters the battlefield attached to a creature, each other nontoken creature you control becomes a copy of that creature.

   Nontoken creatures you control enter the battlefield as a copy of enchanted creature.


Into the Roil
   Kicker |mana_1|\ |mana_u| (You may pay an additional |mana_1|\ |mana_u| as you cast this spell.)

   Return target nonland permanent to its owner's hand. If this spell was kicked, draw a card.


Ixidron
   As Ixidron enters the battlefield, turn all other nontoken creatures face down. (They're 2/2 creatures.)

   Ixidron's power and toughness are each equal to the number of face-down creatures on the battlefield.


Lorthos, the Tidemaker
   Whenever Lorthos, the Tidemaker attacks, you may pay |mana_8|. If you do, tap up to eight target permanents. Those permanents don't untap during their controllers' next untap steps.


Mulldrifter
   Flying

   When Mulldrifter enters the battlefield, draw two cards.

   Evoke |mana_2|\ |mana_u| (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)


Phyrexian Ingester
   Imprint — When Phyrexian Ingester enters the battlefield, you may exile target nontoken creature.

   Phyrexian Ingester gets +X/+Y, where X is the exiled creature card's power and Y is its toughness.


Pongify
   Destroy target creature. It can't be regenerated. Its controller creates a 3/3 green Ape creature token.


Riptide Survivor
   Morph |mana_1|\ |mana_u|\ |mana_u| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)

   When Riptide Survivor is turned face up, discard two cards, then draw three cards.


Rite of Replication
   Kicker |mana_5| (You may pay an additional |mana_5| as you cast this spell.)

   Create a token that's a copy of target creature. If this spell was kicked, create five of those tokens instead.


Rush of Knowledge
   Draw cards equal to the highest converted mana cost among permanents you control.


Sea Gate Oracle
   When Sea Gate Oracle enters the battlefield, look at the top two cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the other on the bottom of your library.


Shaper Parasite
   Morph |mana_2|\ |mana_u| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)

   When Shaper Parasite is turned face up, target creature gets +2/-2 or -2/+2 until end of turn.


Sphinx of Jwar Isle
   Flying

   Shroud (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities.)

   You may look at the top card of your library. (You may do this at any time.)


Sphinx of Magosi
   Flying

   |mana_2|\ |mana_u|: Draw a card, then put a +1/+1 counter on Sphinx of Magosi.


Sphinx of Uthuun
   Flying

   When Sphinx of Uthuun enters the battlefield, reveal the top five cards of your library. An opponent separates those cards into two piles. Put one pile into your hand and the other into your graveyard.


Stroke of Genius
   Target player draws X cards.


Turn to Frog
   Until end of turn, target creature loses all abilities and becomes a blue Frog with base power and toughness 1/1.


Willbender
   Morph |mana_1|\ |mana_u| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)

   When Willbender is turned face up, change the target of target spell or ability with a single target.


Abyssal Persecutor
   Flying, trample

   You can't win the game and your opponents can't lose the game.


Aether Snap
   Remove all counters from all permanents and exile all tokens.


Annihilate
   Destroy target nonblack creature. It can't be regenerated.

   Draw a card.


Bad Moon
   Black creatures get +1/+1.


Black Sun's Zenith
   Put X -1/-1 counters on each creature. Shuffle Black Sun's Zenith into its owner's library.


Bloodgift Demon
   Flying

   At the beginning of your upkeep, target player draws a card and loses 1 life.


Butcher of Malakir
   Flying

   Whenever Butcher of Malakir or another creature you control dies, each opponent sacrifices a creature.


Crypt Ghast
   Extort (Whenever you cast a spell, you may pay |mana_wb|. If you do, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain that much life.)

   Whenever you tap a Swamp for mana, add an additional |mana_b|.


Disciple of Bolas
   When Disciple of Bolas enters the battlefield, sacrifice another creature. You gain X life and draw X cards, where X is that creature's power.


Drana, Kalastria Bloodchief
   Flying

   |mana_x|\ |mana_b|\ |mana_b|: Target creature gets -0/-X until end of turn and Drana, Kalastria Bloodchief gets +X/+0 until end of turn.


Dread Return
   Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.

   Flashback—Sacrifice three creatures. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)


Dregs of Sorrow
   Destroy X target nonblack creatures. Draw X cards.


Evernight Shade
   |mana_b|: Evernight Shade gets +1/+1 until end of turn.

   Undying (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)


Grave Titan
   Deathtouch

   Whenever Grave Titan enters the battlefield or attacks, create two 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens.


Gray Merchant of Asphodel
   When Gray Merchant of Asphodel enters the battlefield, each opponent loses X life, where X is your devotion to black. You gain life equal to the life lost this way. (Each |mana_b| in the mana costs of permanents you control counts toward your devotion to black.)


Liliana's Reaver
   Deathtouch

   Whenever Liliana's Reaver deals combat damage to a player, that player discards a card and you create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token.


Magus of the Coffers
   |mana_2|, |tap|: Add |mana_b| for each Swamp you control.


Morkrut Banshee
   Morbid — When Morkrut Banshee enters the battlefield, if a creature died this turn, target creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn.


Mutilate
   All creatures get -1/-1 until end of turn for each Swamp you control.


Nantuko Shade
   |mana_b|: Nantuko Shade gets +1/+1 until end of turn.


Nekrataal
   First strike

   When Nekrataal enters the battlefield, destroy target nonartifact, nonblack creature. That creature can't be regenerated.


Pestilence Demon
   Flying

   |mana_b|: Pestilence Demon deals 1 damage to each creature and each player.


Phyrexian Gargantua
   When Phyrexian Gargantua enters the battlefield, you draw two cards and you lose 2 life.


Pontiff of Blight
   Extort (Whenever you cast a spell, you may pay |mana_wb|. If you do, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain that much life.)

   Other creatures you control have extort. (If a creature has multiple instances of extort, each triggers separately.)


Profane Command
   Choose two —

   • Target player loses X life.

   • Return target creature card with converted mana cost X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.

   • Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn.

   • Up to X target creatures gain fear until end of turn. (They can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)


Promise of Power
   Choose one —

   • You draw five cards and you lose 5 life.

   • Create an X/X black Demon creature token with flying, where X is the number of cards in your hand.

   Entwine |mana_4| (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)


Read the Bones
   Scry 2, then draw two cards. You lose 2 life. (To scry 2, look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)


Reaper from the Abyss
   Flying

   Morbid — At the beginning of each end step, if a creature died this turn, destroy target non-Demon creature.


Shriekmaw
   Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)

   When Shriekmaw enters the battlefield, destroy target nonartifact, nonblack creature.

   Evoke |mana_1|\ |mana_b| (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)


Sign in Blood
   Target player draws two cards and loses 2 life.


Skeletal Scrying
   As an additional cost to cast this spell, exile X cards from your graveyard.

   You draw X cards and you lose X life.


Skirsdag High Priest
   Morbid — |tap|, Tap two untapped creatures you control: Create a 5/5 black Demon creature token with flying. Activate this ability only if a creature died this turn.


Sudden Spoiling
   Split second (As long as this spell is on the stack, players can't cast spells or activate abilities that aren't mana abilities.)

   Until end of turn, creatures target player controls lose all abilities and have base power and toughness 0/2.


Syphon Mind
   Each other player discards a card. You draw a card for each card discarded this way.


Tendrils of Corruption
   Tendrils of Corruption deals X damage to target creature and you gain X life, where X is the number of Swamps you control.


Tragic Slip
   Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.

   Morbid — That creature gets -13/-13 until end of turn instead if a creature died this turn.


Vampire Hexmage
   First strike

   Sacrifice Vampire Hexmage: Remove all counters from target permanent.


Victimize
   Choose two target creature cards in your graveyard. Sacrifice a creature. If you do, return the chosen cards to the battlefield tapped.


Xathrid Demon
   Flying, trample

   At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice a creature other than Xathrid Demon, then each opponent loses life equal to the sacrificed creature's power. If you can't sacrifice a creature, tap Xathrid Demon and you lose 7 life.


Beetleback Chief
   When Beetleback Chief enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens.


Blasphemous Act
   This spell costs |mana_1| less to cast for each creature on the battlefield.

   Blasphemous Act deals 13 damage to each creature.


Bogardan Hellkite
   Flash

   Flying

   When Bogardan Hellkite enters the battlefield, it deals 5 damage divided as you choose among any number of targets.


Chaos Warp
   The owner of target permanent shuffles it into their library, then reveals the top card of their library. If it's a permanent card, they put it onto the battlefield.


Faithless Looting
   Draw two cards, then discard two cards.

   Flashback |mana_2|\ |mana_r| (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)


Flametongue Kavu
   When Flametongue Kavu enters the battlefield, it deals 4 damage to target creature.


Goblin Welder
   |tap|: Choose target artifact a player controls and target artifact card in that player's graveyard. If both targets are still legal as this ability resolves, that player simultaneously sacrifices the artifact and returns the artifact card to the battlefield.


Hoard-Smelter Dragon
   Flying

   |mana_3|\ |mana_r|: Destroy target artifact. Hoard-Smelter Dragon gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is that artifact's converted mana cost.


Ingot Chewer
   When Ingot Chewer enters the battlefield, destroy target artifact.

   Evoke |mana_r| (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)


Magmaquake
   Magmaquake deals X damage to each creature without flying and each planeswalker.


Spitebellows
   When Spitebellows leaves the battlefield, it deals 6 damage to target creature.

   Evoke |mana_1|\ |mana_r|\ |mana_r| (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)


Starstorm
   Starstorm deals X damage to each creature.

   Cycling |mana_3| (|mana_3|, Discard this card: Draw a card.)


Tuktuk the Explorer
   Haste

   When Tuktuk the Explorer dies, create a legendary 5/5 colorless Goblin Golem artifact creature token named Tuktuk the Returned.


Whipflare
   Whipflare deals 2 damage to each nonartifact creature.


Word of Seizing
   Split second (As long as this spell is on the stack, players can't cast spells or activate abilities that aren't mana abilities.)

   Untap target permanent and gain control of it until end of turn. It gains haste until end of turn.


Beastmaster Ascension
   Whenever a creature you control attacks, you may put a quest counter on Beastmaster Ascension.

   As long as Beastmaster Ascension has seven or more quest counters on it, creatures you control get +5/+5.


Collective Unconscious
   Draw a card for each creature you control.


Desert Twister
   Destroy target permanent.


Drove of Elves
   Hexproof

   Drove of Elves's power and toughness are each equal to the number of green permanents you control.


Elvish Archdruid
   Other Elf creatures you control get +1/+1.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g| for each Elf you control.


Elvish Mystic
   |tap|: Add |mana_g|.


Elvish Skysweeper
   |mana_4|\ |mana_g|, Sacrifice a creature: Destroy target creature with flying.


Elvish Visionary
   When Elvish Visionary enters the battlefield, draw a card.


Essence Warden
   Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.


Ezuri, Renegade Leader
   |mana_g|: Regenerate another target Elf.

   |mana_2|\ |mana_g|\ |mana_g|\ |mana_g|: Elf creatures you control get +3/+3 and gain trample until end of turn.


Farhaven Elf
   When Farhaven Elf enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.


Fresh Meat
   Create a 3/3 green Beast creature token for each creature put into your graveyard from the battlefield this turn.


Grim Flowering
   Draw a card for each creature card in your graveyard.


Harrow
   As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a land.

   Search your library for up to two basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library.


Hunting Triad
   Create three 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature tokens.

   Reinforce 3—|mana_3|\ |mana_g| (|mana_3|\ |mana_g|, Discard this card: Put three +1/+1 counters on target creature.)


Immaculate Magistrate
   |tap|: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature for each Elf you control.


Imperious Perfect
   Other Elf creatures you control get +1/+1.

   |mana_g|, |tap|: Create a 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature token.


Joraga Warcaller
   Multikicker |mana_1|\ |mana_g| (You may pay an additional |mana_1|\ |mana_g| any number of times as you cast this spell.)

   Joraga Warcaller enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each time it was kicked.

   Other Elf creatures you control get +1/+1 for each +1/+1 counter on Joraga Warcaller.


Llanowar Elves
   |tap|: Add |mana_g|.


Lys Alana Huntmaster
   Whenever you cast an Elf spell, you may create a 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature token.


Masked Admirers
   When Masked Admirers enters the battlefield, draw a card.

   Whenever you cast a creature spell, you may pay |mana_g|\ |mana_g|. If you do, return Masked Admirers from your graveyard to your hand.


Overrun
   Creatures you control get +3/+3 and gain trample until end of turn.


Overwhelming Stampede
   Until end of turn, creatures you control gain trample and get +X/+X, where X is the greatest power among creatures you control.


Praetor's Counsel
   Return all cards from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Praetor's Counsel. You have no maximum hand size for the rest of the game.


Priest of Titania
   |tap|: Add |mana_g| for each Elf on the battlefield.


Primordial Sage
   Whenever you cast a creature spell, you may draw a card.


Rampaging Baloths
   Trample

   Landfall — Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may create a 4/4 green Beast creature token.


Reclamation Sage
   When Reclamation Sage enters the battlefield, you may destroy target artifact or enchantment.


Silklash Spider
   Reach

   |mana_x|\ |mana_g|\ |mana_g|: Silklash Spider deals X damage to each creature with flying.


Soul of the Harvest
   Trample

   Whenever another nontoken creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may draw a card.


Sylvan Ranger
   When Sylvan Ranger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.


Sylvan Safekeeper
   Sacrifice a land: Target creature you control gains shroud until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)


Terastodon
   When Terastodon enters the battlefield, you may destroy up to three target noncreature permanents. For each permanent put into a graveyard this way, its controller creates a 3/3 green Elephant creature token.


Thornweald Archer
   Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)

   Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)


Timberwatch Elf
   |tap|: Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of Elves on the battlefield.


Titania's Chosen
   Whenever a player casts a green spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Titania's Chosen.


Tornado Elemental
   When Tornado Elemental enters the battlefield, it deals 6 damage to each creature with flying.

   You may have Tornado Elemental assign its combat damage as though it weren't blocked.


Wellwisher
   |tap|: You gain 1 life for each Elf on the battlefield.


Whirlwind
   Destroy all creatures with flying.


Wolfbriar Elemental
   Multikicker |mana_g| (You may pay an additional |mana_g| any number of times as you cast this spell.)

   When Wolfbriar Elemental enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token for each time it was kicked.


Wood Elves
   When Wood Elves enters the battlefield, search your library for a Forest card and put that card onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library.


Wren's Run Packmaster
   Champion an Elf (When this creature enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you exile another Elf you control. When this creature leaves the battlefield, that card returns to the battlefield.)

   |mana_2|\ |mana_g|: Create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token.

   Wolves you control have deathtouch.


Argentum Armor
   Equipped creature gets +6/+6.

   Whenever equipped creature attacks, destroy target permanent.

   Equip |mana_6|


Bonehoard
   Living weapon (When this Equipment enters the battlefield, create a 0/0 black Germ creature token, then attach this to it.)

   Equipped creature gets +X/+X, where X is the number of creature cards in all graveyards.

   Equip |mana_2|


Bosh, Iron Golem
   Trample

   |mana_3|\ |mana_r|, Sacrifice an artifact: Bosh, Iron Golem deals damage equal to the sacrificed artifact's converted mana cost to any target.


Bottle Gnomes
   Sacrifice Bottle Gnomes: You gain 3 life.


Burnished Hart
   |mana_3|, Sacrifice Burnished Hart: Search your library for up to two basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.


Caged Sun
   As Caged Sun enters the battlefield, choose a color.

   Creatures you control of the chosen color get +1/+1.

   Whenever a land's ability causes you to add one or more mana of the chosen color, add one additional mana of that color.


Cathodion
   When Cathodion dies, add |colorless|\ |colorless|\ |colorless|.


Charcoal Diamond
   Charcoal Diamond enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b|.


Dreamstone Hedron
   |tap|: Add |colorless|\ |colorless|\ |colorless|.

   |mana_3|, |tap|, Sacrifice Dreamstone Hedron: Draw three cards.


Emerald Medallion
   Green spells you cast cost |mana_1| less to cast.


Epochrasite
   Epochrasite enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it if you didn't cast it from your hand.

   When Epochrasite dies, exile it with three time counters on it and it gains suspend. (At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast this card without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)


Everflowing Chalice
   Multikicker |mana_2| (You may pay an additional |mana_2| any number of times as you cast this spell.)

   Everflowing Chalice enters the battlefield with a charge counter on it for each time it was kicked.

   |tap|: Add |colorless| for each charge counter on Everflowing Chalice.


Fire Diamond
   Fire Diamond enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r|.


Ichor Wellspring
   When Ichor Wellspring enters the battlefield or is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, draw a card.


Jalum Tome
   |mana_2|, |tap|: Draw a card, then discard a card.


Jet Medallion
   Black spells you cast cost |mana_1| less to cast.


Junk Diver
   Flying

   When Junk Diver dies, return another target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.


Lashwrithe
   Living weapon (When this Equipment enters the battlefield, create a 0/0 black Germ creature token, then attach this to it.)

   Equipped creature gets +1/+1 for each Swamp you control.

   Equip |mana_bp|\ |mana_bp| (|mana_bp| can be paid with either |mana_b| or 2 life.)


Liquimetal Coating
   |tap|: Target permanent becomes an artifact in addition to its other types until end of turn.


Loxodon Warhammer
   Equipped creature gets +3/+0 and has trample and lifelink.

   Equip |mana_3|


Marble Diamond
   Marble Diamond enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_w|.


Mask of Memory
   Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, you may draw two cards. If you do, discard a card.

   Equip |mana_1|


Mind Stone
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_1|, |tap|, Sacrifice Mind Stone: Draw a card.


Moonsilver Spear
   Equipped creature has first strike.

   Whenever equipped creature attacks, create a 4/4 white Angel creature token with flying.

   Equip |mana_4|


Moss Diamond
   Moss Diamond enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g|.


Mycosynth Wellspring
   When Mycosynth Wellspring enters the battlefield or is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.


Myr Battlesphere
   When Myr Battlesphere enters the battlefield, create four 1/1 colorless Myr artifact creature tokens.

   Whenever Myr Battlesphere attacks, you may tap X untapped Myr you control. If you do, Myr Battlesphere gets +X/+0 until end of turn and deals X damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.


Myr Retriever
   When Myr Retriever dies, return another target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.


Myr Sire
   When Myr Sire dies, create a 1/1 colorless Myr artifact creature token.


Nevinyrral's Disk
   Nevinyrral's Disk enters the battlefield tapped.

   |mana_1|, |tap|: Destroy all artifacts, creatures, and enchantments.


Palladium Myr
   |tap|: Add |colorless|\ |colorless|.


Panic Spellbomb
   |tap|, Sacrifice Panic Spellbomb: Target creature can't block this turn.

   When Panic Spellbomb is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may pay |mana_r|. If you do, draw a card.


Pearl Medallion
   White spells you cast cost |mana_1| less to cast.


Pentavus
   Pentavus enters the battlefield with five +1/+1 counters on it.

   |mana_1|, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Pentavus: Create a 1/1 colorless Pentavite artifact creature token with flying.

   |mana_1|, Sacrifice a Pentavite: Put a +1/+1 counter on Pentavus.


Pilgrim's Eye
   Flying

   When Pilgrim's Eye enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.


Predator, Flagship
   |mana_2|: Target creature gains flying until end of turn.

   |mana_5|, |tap|: Destroy target creature with flying.


Pristine Talisman
   |tap|: Add |colorless|. You gain 1 life.


Ruby Medallion
   Red spells you cast cost |mana_1| less to cast.


Sapphire Medallion
   Blue spells you cast cost |mana_1| less to cast.


Seer's Sundial
   Landfall — Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay |mana_2|. If you do, draw a card.


Skullclamp
   Equipped creature gets +1/-1.

   Whenever equipped creature dies, draw two cards.

   Equip |mana_1|


Sky Diamond
   Sky Diamond enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_u|.


Sol Ring
   |tap|: Add |colorless|\ |colorless|.


Solemn Simulacrum
   When Solemn Simulacrum enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.

   When Solemn Simulacrum dies, you may draw a card.


Spine of Ish Sah
   When Spine of Ish Sah enters the battlefield, destroy target permanent.

   When Spine of Ish Sah is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return Spine of Ish Sah to its owner's hand.


Steel Hellkite
   Flying

   |mana_2|: Steel Hellkite gets +1/+0 until end of turn.

   |mana_x|: Destroy each nonland permanent with converted mana cost X whose controller was dealt combat damage by Steel Hellkite this turn. Activate this ability only once each turn.


Strata Scythe
   Imprint — When Strata Scythe enters the battlefield, search your library for a land card, exile it, then shuffle your library.

   Equipped creature gets +1/+1 for each land on the battlefield with the same name as the exiled card.

   Equip |mana_3|


Swiftfoot Boots
   Equipped creature has hexproof and haste.

   Equip |mana_1|


Sword of Vengeance
   Equipped creature gets +2/+0 and has first strike, vigilance, trample, and haste.

   Equip |mana_3|


Thran Dynamo
   |tap|: Add |colorless|\ |colorless|\ |colorless|.


Tormod's Crypt
   |tap|, Sacrifice Tormod's Crypt: Exile all cards from target player's graveyard.


Trading Post
   |mana_1|, |tap|, Discard a card: You gain 4 life.

   |mana_1|, |tap|, Pay 1 life: Create a 0/1 white Goat creature token.

   |mana_1|, |tap|, Sacrifice a creature: Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.

   |mana_1|, |tap|, Sacrifice an artifact: Draw a card.


Ur-Golem's Eye
   |tap|: Add |colorless|\ |colorless|.


Wayfarer's Bauble
   |mana_2|, |tap|, Sacrifice Wayfarer's Bauble: Search your library for a basic land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library.


Worn Powerstone
   Worn Powerstone enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |colorless|\ |colorless|.


Wurmcoil Engine
   Deathtouch, lifelink

   When Wurmcoil Engine dies, create a 3/3 colorless Wurm artifact creature token with deathtouch and a 3/3 colorless Wurm artifact creature token with lifelink.


Barren Moor
   Barren Moor enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b|.

   Cycling |mana_b| (|mana_b|, Discard this card: Draw a card.)


Bojuka Bog
   Bojuka Bog enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Bojuka Bog enters the battlefield, exile all cards from target player's graveyard.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b|.


Buried Ruin
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_2|, |tap|, Sacrifice Buried Ruin: Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.


Coral Atoll
   Coral Atoll enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Coral Atoll enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you return an untapped Island you control to its owner's hand.

   |tap|: Add |colorless|\ |mana_u|.


Crypt of Agadeem
   Crypt of Agadeem enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b|.

   |mana_2|, |tap|: Add |mana_b| for each black creature card in your graveyard.


Crystal Vein
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |tap|, Sacrifice Crystal Vein: Add |colorless|\ |colorless|.


Darksteel Citadel
   Indestructible

   |tap|: Add |colorless|.


Dormant Volcano
   Dormant Volcano enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Dormant Volcano enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you return an untapped Mountain you control to its owner's hand.

   |tap|: Add |colorless|\ |mana_r|.


Drifting Meadow
   Drifting Meadow enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_w|.

   Cycling |mana_2| (|mana_2|, Discard this card: Draw a card.)


Emeria, the Sky Ruin
   Emeria, the Sky Ruin enters the battlefield tapped.

   At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control seven or more Plains, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.

   |tap|: Add |mana_w|.


Everglades
   Everglades enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Everglades enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you return an untapped Swamp you control to its owner's hand.

   |tap|: Add |colorless|\ |mana_b|.


Evolving Wilds
   |tap|, Sacrifice Evolving Wilds: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.


Forgotten Cave
   Forgotten Cave enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r|.

   Cycling |mana_r| (|mana_r|, Discard this card: Draw a card.)


Gargoyle Castle
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_5|, |tap|, Sacrifice Gargoyle Castle: Create a 3/4 colorless Gargoyle artifact creature token with flying.


Ghost Quarter
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |tap|, Sacrifice Ghost Quarter: Destroy target land. Its controller may search their library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle their library.


Great Furnace
   |tap|: Add |mana_r|.


Haunted Fengraf
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_3|, |tap|, Sacrifice Haunted Fengraf: Return a creature card at random from your graveyard to your hand.


Havenwood Battleground
   Havenwood Battleground enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g|.

   |tap|, Sacrifice Havenwood Battleground: Add |mana_g|\ |mana_g|.


Jungle Basin
   Jungle Basin enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Jungle Basin enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you return an untapped Forest you control to its owner's hand.

   |tap|: Add |colorless|\ |mana_g|.


Karoo
   Karoo enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Karoo enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you return an untapped Plains you control to its owner's hand.

   |tap|: Add |colorless|\ |mana_w|.


Lonely Sandbar
   Lonely Sandbar enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_u|.

   Cycling |mana_u| (|mana_u|, Discard this card: Draw a card.)


Oran-Rief, the Vastwood
   Oran-Rief, the Vastwood enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g|.

   |tap|: Put a +1/+1 counter on each green creature that entered the battlefield this turn.


Phyrexia's Core
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_1|, |tap|, Sacrifice an artifact: You gain 1 life.


Polluted Mire
   Polluted Mire enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b|.

   Cycling |mana_2| (|mana_2|, Discard this card: Draw a card.)


Reliquary Tower
   You have no maximum hand size.

   |tap|: Add |colorless|.


Remote Isle
   Remote Isle enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_u|.

   Cycling |mana_2| (|mana_2|, Discard this card: Draw a card.)


Secluded Steppe
   Secluded Steppe enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_w|.

   Cycling |mana_w| (|mana_w|, Discard this card: Draw a card.)


Slippery Karst
   Slippery Karst enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g|.

   Cycling |mana_2| (|mana_2|, Discard this card: Draw a card.)


Smoldering Crater
   Smoldering Crater enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r|.

   Cycling |mana_2| (|mana_2|, Discard this card: Draw a card.)


Tectonic Edge
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_1|, |tap|, Sacrifice Tectonic Edge: Destroy target nonbasic land. Activate this ability only if an opponent controls four or more lands.


Temple of the False God
   |tap|: Add |colorless|\ |colorless|. Activate this ability only if you control five or more lands.


Terramorphic Expanse
   |tap|, Sacrifice Terramorphic Expanse: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.


Tranquil Thicket
   Tranquil Thicket enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g|.

   Cycling |mana_g| (|mana_g|, Discard this card: Draw a card.)


Zoetic Cavern
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   Morph |mana_2| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)


Plains
   


Plains
   


Plains
   


Plains
   


Island
   


Island
   


Island
   


Island
   


Swamp
   


Swamp
   


Swamp
   


Swamp
   


Mountain
   


Mountain
   


Mountain
   


Mountain
   


Forest
   


Forest
   


Forest
   


Forest
   

