.. Commander 2016 (autogenerated)
.. include:: symbols.rst
        
Commander 2016
==============
        

Duelist's Heritage
   Whenever one or more creatures attack, you may have target attacking creature gain double strike until end of turn.


Entrapment Maneuver
   Target player sacrifices an attacking creature. You create X 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens, where X is that creature's toughness.


Orzhov Advokist
   At the beginning of your upkeep, each player may put two +1/+1 counters on a creature they control. If a player does, creatures that player controls can't attack you or a planeswalker you control until your next turn.


Selfless Squire
   Flash

   When Selfless Squire enters the battlefield, prevent all damage that would be dealt to you this turn.

   Whenever damage that would be dealt to you is prevented, put that many +1/+1 counters on Selfless Squire.


Sublime Exhalation
   Undaunted (This spell costs |mana_1| less to cast for each opponent.)

   Destroy all creatures.


Coastal Breach
   Undaunted (This spell costs |mana_1| less to cast for each opponent.)

   Return all nonland permanents to their owners' hands.


Deepglow Skate
   When Deepglow Skate enters the battlefield, double the number of each kind of counter on any number of target permanents.


Faerie Artisans
   Flying

   Whenever a nontoken creature enters the battlefield under an opponent's control, create a token that's a copy of that creature except it's an artifact in addition to its other types. Then exile all other tokens created with Faerie Artisans.


Grip of Phyresis
   Gain control of target Equipment, then create a 0/0 black Germ creature token and attach that Equipment to it.


Manifold Insights
   Reveal the top ten cards of your library. Starting with the next opponent in turn order, each opponent chooses a different nonland card from among them. Put the chosen cards into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.


Cruel Entertainment
   Choose target player and another target player. The first player controls the second player during the second player's next turn, and the second player controls the first player during the first player's next turn.


Curse of Vengeance
   Enchant player

   Whenever enchanted player casts a spell, put a spite counter on Curse of Vengeance.

   When enchanted player loses the game, you gain X life and draw X cards, where X is the number of spite counters on Curse of Vengeance.


Curtains' Call
   Undaunted (This spell costs |mana_1| less to cast for each opponent.)

   Destroy two target creatures.


Magus of the Will
   |mana_2|\ |mana_b|, |tap|, Exile Magus of the Will: Until end of turn, you may play cards from your graveyard. If a card would be put into your graveyard from anywhere this turn, exile that card instead.


Parting Thoughts
   Destroy target creature. You draw X cards and you lose X life, where X is the number of counters on that creature.


Charging Cinderhorn
   Haste

   At the beginning of each player's end step, if no creatures attacked this turn, put a fury counter on Charging Cinderhorn. Then Charging Cinderhorn deals damage equal to the number of fury counters on it to that player.


Divergent Transformations
   Undaunted (This spell costs |mana_1| less to cast for each opponent.)

   Exile two target creatures. For each of those creatures, its controller reveals cards from the top of their library until they reveal a creature card, puts that card onto the battlefield, then shuffles the rest into their library.


Frenzied Fugue
   Enchant permanent

   When Frenzied Fugue enters the battlefield or at the beginning of your upkeep, gain control of enchanted permanent until end of turn. Untap that permanent. It gains haste until end of turn.


Goblin Spymaster
   First strike

   At the beginning of each opponent's end step, that player creates a 1/1 red Goblin creature token with "Creatures you control attack each combat if able."


Runehorn Hellkite
   Flying

   |mana_5|\ |mana_r|, Exile Runehorn Hellkite from your graveyard: Each player discards their hand, then draws seven cards.


Benefactor's Draught
   Untap all creatures. Until end of turn, whenever a creature an opponent controls blocks, draw a card.

   Draw a card.


Evolutionary Escalation
   At the beginning of your upkeep, put three +1/+1 counters on target creature you control and three +1/+1 counters on target creature an opponent controls.


Primeval Protector
   This spell costs |mana_1| less to cast for each creature your opponents control.

   When Primeval Protector enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on each other creature you control.


Seeds of Renewal
   Undaunted (This spell costs |mana_1| less to cast for each opponent.)

   Return up to two target cards from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Seeds of Renewal.


Stonehoof Chieftain
   Trample, indestructible

   Whenever another creature you control attacks, it gains trample and indestructible until end of turn.


Akiri, Line-Slinger
   First strike, vigilance

   Akiri, Line-Slinger gets +1/+0 for each artifact you control.

   Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)


Ancient Excavation
   Draw cards equal to the number of cards in your hand, then discard a card for each card drawn this way.

   Basic landcycling |mana_2| (|mana_2|, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)


Atraxa, Praetors' Voice
   Flying, vigilance, deathtouch, lifelink

   At the beginning of your end step, proliferate. (You choose any number of permanents and/or players with counters on them, then give each another counter of a kind already there.)


Breya, Etherium Shaper
   When Breya, Etherium Shaper enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 blue Thopter artifact creature tokens with flying.

   |mana_2|, Sacrifice two artifacts: Choose one —

   • Breya deals 3 damage to target player or planeswalker.

   • Target creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn.

   • You gain 5 life.


Bruse Tarl, Boorish Herder
   Whenever Bruse Tarl, Boorish Herder enters the battlefield or attacks, target creature you control gains double strike and lifelink until end of turn.

   Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)


Grave Upheaval
   Put target creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control. It gains haste.

   Basic landcycling |mana_2| (|mana_2|, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)


Ikra Shidiqi, the Usurper
   Menace

   Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, you gain life equal to that creature's toughness.

   Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)


Ishai, Ojutai Dragonspeaker
   Flying

   Whenever an opponent casts a spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Ishai, Ojutai Dragonspeaker.

   Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)


Kraum, Ludevic's Opus
   Flying, haste

   Whenever an opponent casts their second spell each turn, draw a card.

   Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)


Kydele, Chosen of Kruphix
   |tap|: Add |colorless| for each card you've drawn this turn.

   Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)


Kynaios and Tiro of Meletis
   At the beginning of your end step, draw a card. Each player may put a land card from their hand onto the battlefield, then each opponent who didn't draws a card.


Ludevic, Necro-Alchemist
   At the beginning of each player's end step, that player may draw a card if a player other than you lost life this turn.

   Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)


Migratory Route
   Create four 1/1 white Bird creature tokens with flying.

   Basic landcycling |mana_2| (|mana_2|, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)


Ravos, Soultender
   Flying

   Other creatures you control get +1/+1.

   At the beginning of your upkeep, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.

   Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)


Reyhan, Last of the Abzan
   Reyhan, Last of the Abzan enters the battlefield with three +1/+1 counters on it.

   Whenever a creature you control dies or is put into the command zone, if it had one or more +1/+1 counters on it, you may put that many +1/+1 counters on target creature.

   Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)


Saskia the Unyielding
   Vigilance, haste

   As Saskia the Unyielding enters the battlefield, choose a player.

   Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, it deals that much damage to the chosen player.


Sidar Kondo of Jamuraa
   Flanking (Whenever a creature without flanking blocks this creature, the blocking creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.)

   Creatures your opponents control without flying or reach can't block creatures with power 2 or less.

   Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)


Silas Renn, Seeker Adept
   Deathtouch

   Whenever Silas Renn, Seeker Adept deals combat damage to a player, choose target artifact card in your graveyard. You may cast that card this turn.

   Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)


Sylvan Reclamation
   Exile up to two target artifacts and/or enchantments.

   Basic landcycling |mana_2| (|mana_2|, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)


Tana, the Bloodsower
   Trample

   Whenever Tana, the Bloodsower deals combat damage to a player, create that many 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens.

   Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)


Thrasios, Triton Hero
   |mana_4|: Scry 1, then reveal the top card of your library. If it's a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped. Otherwise, draw a card.

   Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)


Treacherous Terrain
   Treacherous Terrain deals damage to each opponent equal to the number of lands that player controls.

   Basic landcycling |mana_2| (|mana_2|, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)


Tymna the Weaver
   Lifelink

   At the beginning of your postcombat main phase, you may pay X life, where X is the number of opponents that were dealt combat damage this turn. If you do, draw X cards.

   Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)


Vial Smasher the Fierce
   Whenever you cast your first spell each turn, choose an opponent at random. Vial Smasher the Fierce deals damage equal to that spell's converted mana cost to that player or a planeswalker that player controls.

   Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)


Yidris, Maelstrom Wielder
   Trample

   Whenever Yidris, Maelstrom Wielder deals combat damage to a player, as you cast spells from your hand this turn, they gain cascade. (When you cast the spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom of your library in a random order.)


Armory Automaton
   Whenever Armory Automaton enters the battlefield or attacks, you may attach any number of target Equipment to it. (Control of the Equipment doesn't change.)


Boompile
   |tap|: Flip a coin. If you win the flip, destroy all nonland permanents.


Conqueror's Flail
   Equipped creature gets +1/+1 for each color among permanents you control.

   As long as Conqueror's Flail is attached to a creature, your opponents can't cast spells during your turn.

   Equip |mana_2|


Crystalline Crawler
   Converge — Crystalline Crawler enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each color of mana spent to cast it.

   Remove a +1/+1 counter from Crystalline Crawler: Add one mana of any color.

   |tap|: Put a +1/+1 counter on Crystalline Crawler.


Prismatic Geoscope
   Prismatic Geoscope enters the battlefield tapped.

   Domain — |tap|: Add X mana in any combination of colors, where X is the number of basic land types among lands you control.


Ash Barrens
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   Basic landcycling |mana_1| (|mana_1|, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, and put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.)


Abzan Falconer
   Outlast |mana_w| (|mana_w|, |tap|: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. Outlast only as a sorcery.)

   Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has flying.


Blazing Archon
   Flying

   Creatures can't attack you.


Blind Obedience
   Extort (Whenever you cast a spell, you may pay |mana_wb|. If you do, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain that much life.)

   Artifacts and creatures your opponents control enter the battlefield tapped.


Brave the Sands
   Creatures you control have vigilance.

   Each creature you control can block an additional creature each combat.


Cathars' Crusade
   Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.


Citadel Siege
   As Citadel Siege enters the battlefield, choose Khans or Dragons.

   • Khans — At the beginning of combat on your turn, put two +1/+1 counters on target creature you control.

   • Dragons — At the beginning of combat on each opponent's turn, tap target creature that player controls.


Custodi Soulbinders
   Custodi Soulbinders enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is the number of other creatures on the battlefield.

   |mana_2|\ |mana_w|, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Custodi Soulbinders: Create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.


Dispeller's Capsule
   |mana_2|\ |mana_w|, |tap|, Sacrifice Dispeller's Capsule: Destroy target artifact or enchantment.


Elite Scaleguard
   When Elite Scaleguard enters the battlefield, bolster 2. (Choose a creature with the least toughness among creatures you control and put two +1/+1 counters on it.)

   Whenever a creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it attacks, tap target creature defending player controls.


Ghostly Prison
   Creatures can't attack you unless their controller pays |mana_2| for each creature they control that's attacking you.


Hoofprints of the Stag
   Whenever you draw a card, you may put a hoofprint counter on Hoofprints of the Stag.

   |mana_2|\ |mana_w|, Remove four hoofprint counters from Hoofprints of the Stag: Create a 4/4 white Elemental creature token with flying. Activate this ability only during your turn.


Hushwing Gryff
   Flash

   Flying

   Creatures entering the battlefield don't cause abilities to trigger.


Mentor of the Meek
   Whenever another creature with power 2 or less enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay |mana_1|. If you do, draw a card.


Mirror Entity
   Changeling (This card is every creature type.)

   |mana_x|: Until end of turn, creatures you control have base power and toughness X/X and gain all creature types.


Oblation
   The owner of target nonland permanent shuffles it into their library, then draws two cards.


Open the Vaults
   Return all artifact and enchantment cards from all graveyards to the battlefield under their owners' control. (Auras with nothing to enchant remain in graveyards.)


Phyrexian Rebirth
   Destroy all creatures, then create an X/X colorless Horror artifact creature token, where X is the number of creatures destroyed this way.


Reveillark
   Flying

   When Reveillark leaves the battlefield, return up to two target creature cards with power 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.

   Evoke |mana_5|\ |mana_w| (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it's sacrificed when it enters the battlefield.)


Reverse the Sands
   Redistribute any number of players' life totals. (Each of those players gets one life total back.)


Sanctum Gargoyle
   Flying

   When Sanctum Gargoyle enters the battlefield, you may return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.


Sphere of Safety
   Creatures can't attack you or a planeswalker you control unless their controller pays |mana_x| for each of those creatures, where X is the number of enchantments you control.


Swords to Plowshares
   Exile target creature. Its controller gains life equal to its power.


Wave of Reckoning
   Each creature deals damage to itself equal to its power.


Windborn Muse
   Flying

   Creatures can't attack you unless their controller pays |mana_2| for each creature they control that's attacking you.


Academy Elite
   Academy Elite enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is the number of instant and sorcery cards in all graveyards.

   |mana_2|\ |mana_u|, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Academy Elite: Draw a card, then discard a card.


Aeon Chronicler
   Aeon Chronicler's power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in your hand.

   Suspend X—|mana_x|\ |mana_3|\ |mana_u|. X can't be 0. (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay |mana_x|\ |mana_3|\ |mana_u| and exile it with X time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)

   Whenever a time counter is removed from Aeon Chronicler while it's exiled, draw a card.


Arcane Denial
   Counter target spell. Its controller may draw up to two cards at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep.

   You draw a card at the beginning of the next turn's upkeep.


Chain of Vapor
   Return target nonland permanent to its owner's hand. Then that permanent's controller may sacrifice a land. If the player does, they may copy this spell and may choose a new target for that copy.


Chasm Skulker
   Whenever you draw a card, put a +1/+1 counter on Chasm Skulker.

   When Chasm Skulker dies, create X 1/1 blue Squid creature tokens with islandwalk, where X is the number of +1/+1 counters on Chasm Skulker. (They can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)


Chief Engineer
   Artifact spells you cast have convoke. (Your creatures can help cast those spells. Each creature you tap while casting an artifact spell pays for |mana_1| or one mana of that creature's color.)


Devastation Tide
   Return all nonland permanents to their owners' hands.

   Miracle |mana_1|\ |mana_u| (You may cast this card for its miracle cost when you draw it if it's the first card you drew this turn.)


Disdainful Stroke
   Counter target spell with converted mana cost 4 or greater.


Etherium Sculptor
   Artifact spells you cast cost |mana_1| less to cast.


Ethersworn Adjudicator
   Flying

   |mana_1|\ |mana_w|\ |mana_b|, |tap|: Destroy target creature or enchantment.

   |mana_2|\ |mana_u|: Untap Ethersworn Adjudicator.


Evacuation
   Return all creatures to their owners' hands.


Master of Etherium
   Master of Etherium's power and toughness are each equal to the number of artifacts you control.

   Other artifact creatures you control get +1/+1.


Minds Aglow
   Join forces — Starting with you, each player may pay any amount of mana. Each player draws X cards, where X is the total amount of mana paid this way.


Propaganda
   Creatures can't attack you unless their controller pays |mana_2| for each creature they control that's attacking you.


Read the Runes
   Draw X cards. For each card drawn this way, discard a card unless you sacrifice a permanent.


Reins of Power
   Untap all creatures you control and all creatures target opponent controls. You and that opponent each gain control of all creatures the other controls until end of turn. Those creatures gain haste until end of turn.


Spelltwine
   Exile target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard and target instant or sorcery card from an opponent's graveyard. Copy those cards. Cast the copies if able without paying their mana costs. Exile Spelltwine.


Swan Song
   Counter target enchantment, instant, or sorcery spell. Its controller creates a 2/2 blue Bird creature token with flying.


Tezzeret's Gambit
   (|mana_up| can be paid with either |mana_u| or 2 life.)

   Draw two cards, then proliferate. (You choose any number of permanents and/or players with counters on them, then give each another counter of a kind already there.)


Thrummingbird
   Flying

   Whenever Thrummingbird deals combat damage to a player, proliferate. (You choose any number of permanents and/or players with counters on them, then give each another counter of a kind already there.)


Treasure Cruise
   Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for |mana_1|.)

   Draw three cards.


Trinket Mage
   When Trinket Mage enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an artifact card with converted mana cost 1 or less, reveal that card, and put it into your hand. If you do, shuffle your library.


Vedalken Engineer
   |tap|: Add two mana of any one color. Spend this mana only to cast artifact spells or activate abilities of artifacts.


Windfall
   Each player discards their hand, then draws cards equal to the greatest number of cards a player discarded this way.


Army of the Damned
   Create thirteen tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens.

   Flashback |mana_7|\ |mana_b|\ |mana_b|\ |mana_b| (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)


Bane of the Living
   Morph |mana_x|\ |mana_b|\ |mana_b| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)

   When Bane of the Living is turned face up, all creatures get -X/-X until end of turn.


Beacon of Unrest
   Put target artifact or creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control. Shuffle Beacon of Unrest into its owner's library.


Brutal Hordechief
   Whenever a creature you control attacks, defending player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.

   |mana_3|\ |mana_rw|\ |mana_rw|: Creatures your opponents control block this turn if able, and you choose how those creatures block.


Executioner's Capsule
   |mana_1|\ |mana_b|, |tap|, Sacrifice Executioner's Capsule: Destroy target nonblack creature.


Festercreep
   Festercreep enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it.

   |mana_1|\ |mana_b|, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Festercreep: All other creatures get -1/-1 until end of turn.


Ghastly Conscription
   Exile all creature cards from target player's graveyard in a face-down pile, shuffle that pile, then manifest those cards. (To manifest a card, put it onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it's a creature card.)


Guiltfeeder
   Fear (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)

   Whenever Guiltfeeder attacks and isn't blocked, defending player loses 1 life for each card in their graveyard.


In Garruk's Wake
   Destroy all creatures you don't control and all planeswalkers you don't control.


Languish
   All creatures get -4/-4 until end of turn.


Necroplasm
   At the beginning of your upkeep, put a +1/+1 counter on Necroplasm.

   At the beginning of your end step, destroy each creature with converted mana cost equal to the number of +1/+1 counters on Necroplasm.

   Dredge 2 (If you would draw a card, instead you may put exactly two cards from the top of your library into your graveyard. If you do, return this card from your graveyard to your hand. Otherwise, draw a card.)


Sangromancer
   Flying

   Whenever a creature an opponent controls dies, you may gain 3 life.

   Whenever an opponent discards a card, you may gain 3 life.


Waste Not
   Whenever an opponent discards a creature card, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.

   Whenever an opponent discards a land card, add |mana_b|\ |mana_b|.

   Whenever an opponent discards a noncreature, nonland card, draw a card.


Wight of Precinct Six
   Wight of Precinct Six gets +1/+1 for each creature card in your opponents' graveyards.


Alesha, Who Smiles at Death
   First strike

   Whenever Alesha, Who Smiles at Death attacks, you may pay |mana_wb|\ |mana_wb|. If you do, return target creature card with power 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped and attacking.


Blasphemous Act
   This spell costs |mana_1| less to cast for each creature on the battlefield.

   Blasphemous Act deals 13 damage to each creature.


Breath of Fury
   Enchant creature you control

   When enchanted creature deals combat damage to a player, sacrifice it and attach Breath of Fury to a creature you control. If you do, untap all creatures you control and after this phase, there is an additional combat phase.


Chaos Warp
   The owner of target permanent shuffles it into their library, then reveals the top card of their library. If it's a permanent card, they put it onto the battlefield.


Daretti, Scrap Savant
   +2: Discard up to two cards, then draw that many cards.

   −2: Sacrifice an artifact. If you do, return target artifact card from your graveyard to the battlefield.

   −10: You get an emblem with "Whenever an artifact is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, return that card to the battlefield at the beginning of the next end step."

   Daretti, Scrap Savant can be your commander.


Dragon Mage
   Flying

   Whenever Dragon Mage deals combat damage to a player, each player discards their hand, then draws seven cards.


Godo, Bandit Warlord
   When Godo, Bandit Warlord enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an Equipment card and put it onto the battlefield. If you do, shuffle your library.

   Whenever Godo attacks for the first time each turn, untap it and all Samurai you control. After this phase, there is an additional combat phase.


Grab the Reins
   Choose one —

   • Until end of turn, you gain control of target creature and it gains haste.

   • Sacrifice a creature. Grab the Reins deals damage equal to that creature's power to any target.

   Entwine |mana_2|\ |mana_r| (Choose both if you pay the entwine cost.)


Hellkite Igniter
   Flying, haste

   |mana_1|\ |mana_r|: Hellkite Igniter gets +X/+0 until end of turn, where X is the number of artifacts you control.


Hellkite Tyrant
   Flying, trample

   Whenever Hellkite Tyrant deals combat damage to a player, gain control of all artifacts that player controls.

   At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control twenty or more artifacts, you win the game.


Humble Defector
   |tap|: Draw two cards. Target opponent gains control of Humble Defector. Activate this ability only during your turn.


Kazuul, Tyrant of the Cliffs
   Whenever a creature an opponent controls attacks, if you're the defending player, create a 3/3 red Ogre creature token unless that creature's controller pays |mana_3|.


Past in Flames
   Each instant and sorcery card in your graveyard gains flashback until end of turn. The flashback cost is equal to its mana cost.

   Flashback |mana_4|\ |mana_r| (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)


Reforge the Soul
   Each player discards their hand, then draws seven cards.

   Miracle |mana_1|\ |mana_r| (You may cast this card for its miracle cost when you draw it if it's the first card you drew this turn.)


Slobad, Goblin Tinkerer
   Sacrifice an artifact: Target artifact gains indestructible until end of turn.


Stalking Vengeance
   Haste

   Whenever another creature you control dies, it deals damage equal to its power to target player or planeswalker.


Taurean Mauler
   Changeling (This card is every creature type.)

   Whenever an opponent casts a spell, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Taurean Mauler.


Trash for Treasure
   As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact.

   Return target artifact card from your graveyard to the battlefield.


Volcanic Vision
   Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand. Volcanic Vision deals damage equal to that card's converted mana cost to each creature your opponents control. Exile Volcanic Vision.


Wheel of Fate
   Suspend 4—|mana_1|\ |mana_r| (Rather than cast this card from your hand, pay |mana_1|\ |mana_r| and exile it with four time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, cast it without paying its mana cost.)

   Each player discards their hand, then draws seven cards.


Whims of the Fates
   Starting with you, each player separates all permanents they control into three piles. Then each player chooses one of their piles at random and sacrifices those permanents. (Piles can be empty.)


Whipflare
   Whipflare deals 2 damage to each nonartifact creature.


Beast Within
   Destroy target permanent. Its controller creates a 3/3 green Beast creature token.


Beastmaster Ascension
   Whenever a creature you control attacks, you may put a quest counter on Beastmaster Ascension.

   As long as Beastmaster Ascension has seven or more quest counters on it, creatures you control get +5/+5.


Burgeoning
   Whenever an opponent plays a land, you may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield.


Champion of Lambholt
   Creatures with power less than Champion of Lambholt's power can't block creatures you control.

   Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Champion of Lambholt.


Collective Voyage
   Join forces — Starting with you, each player may pay any amount of mana. Each player searches their library for up to X basic land cards, where X is the total amount of mana paid this way, puts them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffles their library.


Cultivate
   Search your library for up to two basic land cards, reveal those cards, and put one onto the battlefield tapped and the other into your hand. Then shuffle your library.


Den Protector
   Creatures with power less than Den Protector's power can't block it.

   Megamorph |mana_1|\ |mana_g| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its megamorph cost and put a +1/+1 counter on it.)

   When Den Protector is turned face up, return target card from your graveyard to your hand.


Far Wanderings
   Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.

   Threshold — If seven or more cards are in your graveyard, instead search your library for up to three basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.


Farseek
   Search your library for a Plains, Island, Swamp, or Mountain card and put it onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library.


Forgotten Ancient
   Whenever a player casts a spell, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Forgotten Ancient.

   At the beginning of your upkeep, you may move any number of +1/+1 counters from Forgotten Ancient onto other creatures.


Gamekeeper
   When Gamekeeper dies, you may exile it. If you do, reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a creature card. Put that card onto the battlefield and put all other cards revealed this way into your graveyard.


Hardened Scales
   If one or more +1/+1 counters would be put on a creature you control, that many plus one +1/+1 counters are put on it instead.


Inspiring Call
   Draw a card for each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it. Those creatures gain indestructible until end of turn.


Kalonian Hydra
   Trample

   Kalonian Hydra enters the battlefield with four +1/+1 counters on it.

   Whenever Kalonian Hydra attacks, double the number of +1/+1 counters on each creature you control.


Kodama's Reach
   Search your library for up to two basic land cards, reveal those cards, and put one onto the battlefield tapped and the other into your hand. Then shuffle your library.


Lurking Predators
   Whenever an opponent casts a spell, reveal the top card of your library. If it's a creature card, put it onto the battlefield. Otherwise, you may put that card on the bottom of your library.


Managorger Hydra
   Trample

   Whenever a player casts a spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Managorger Hydra.


Mycoloth
   Devour 2 (As this enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice any number of creatures. This creature enters the battlefield with twice that many +1/+1 counters on it.)

   At the beginning of your upkeep, create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token for each +1/+1 counter on Mycoloth.


Oath of Druids
   At the beginning of each player's upkeep, that player chooses target player who controls more creatures than they do and is their opponent. The first player may reveal cards from the top of their library until they reveal a creature card. If the first player does, that player puts that card onto the battlefield and all other cards revealed this way into their graveyard.


Quirion Explorer
   |tap|: Add one mana of any color that a land an opponent controls could produce.


Rampant Growth
   Search your library for a basic land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle your library.


Realm Seekers
   Realm Seekers enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it, where X is the total number of cards in all players' hands.

   |mana_2|\ |mana_g|, Remove a +1/+1 counter from Realm Seekers: Search your library for a land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.


Rites of Flourishing
   At the beginning of each player's draw step, that player draws an additional card.

   Each player may play an additional land on each of their turns.


Sakura-Tribe Elder
   Sacrifice Sakura-Tribe Elder: Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.


Satyr Wayfinder
   When Satyr Wayfinder enters the battlefield, reveal the top four cards of your library. You may put a land card from among them into your hand. Put the rest into your graveyard.


Scavenging Ooze
   |mana_g|: Exile target card from a graveyard. If it was a creature card, put a +1/+1 counter on Scavenging Ooze and you gain 1 life.


Shamanic Revelation
   Draw a card for each creature you control.

   Ferocious — You gain 4 life for each creature you control with power 4 or greater.


Solidarity of Heroes
   Strive — This spell costs |mana_1|\ |mana_g| more to cast for each target beyond the first.

   Choose any number of target creatures. Double the number of +1/+1 counters on each of them.


Sylvok Explorer
   |tap|: Add one mana of any color that a land an opponent controls could produce.


Tempt with Discovery
   Tempting offer — Search your library for a land card and put it onto the battlefield. Each opponent may search their library for a land card and put it onto the battlefield. For each opponent who searches a library this way, search your library for a land card and put it onto the battlefield. Then each player who searched a library this way shuffles it.


Thelonite Hermit
   Saproling creatures get +1/+1.

   Morph |mana_3|\ |mana_g|\ |mana_g| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)

   When Thelonite Hermit is turned face up, create four 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens.


Thunderfoot Baloth
   Trample

   Lieutenant — As long as you control your commander, Thunderfoot Baloth gets +2/+2 and other creatures you control get +2/+2 and have trample.


Tuskguard Captain
   Outlast |mana_g| (|mana_g|, |tap|: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. Outlast only as a sorcery.)

   Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has trample.


Veteran Explorer
   When Veteran Explorer dies, each player may search their library for up to two basic land cards and put them onto the battlefield. Then each player who searched their library this way shuffles it.


Wall of Blossoms
   Defender

   When Wall of Blossoms enters the battlefield, draw a card.


Wild Beastmaster
   Whenever Wild Beastmaster attacks, each other creature you control gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is Wild Beastmaster's power.


Abzan Charm
   Choose one —

   • Exile target creature with power 3 or greater.

   • You draw two cards and you lose 2 life.

   • Distribute two +1/+1 counters among one or two target creatures.


Ankle Shanker
   Haste

   Whenever Ankle Shanker attacks, creatures you control gain first strike and deathtouch until end of turn.


Artifact Mutation
   Destroy target artifact. It can't be regenerated. Create X 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens, where X is that artifact's converted mana cost.


Aura Mutation
   Destroy target enchantment. Create X 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens, where X is that enchantment's converted mana cost.


Baleful Strix
   Flying, deathtouch

   When Baleful Strix enters the battlefield, draw a card.


Bituminous Blast
   Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom of your library in a random order.)

   Bituminous Blast deals 4 damage to target creature.


Blood Tyrant
   Flying, trample

   At the beginning of your upkeep, each player loses 1 life. Put a +1/+1 counter on Blood Tyrant for each 1 life lost this way.

   Whenever a player loses the game, put five +1/+1 counters on Blood Tyrant.


Bloodbraid Elf
   Haste

   Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom of your library in a random order.)


Boros Charm
   Choose one —

   • Boros Charm deals 4 damage to target player or planeswalker.

   • Permanents you control gain indestructible until end of turn.

   • Target creature gains double strike until end of turn.


Bred for the Hunt
   Whenever a creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card.


Clan Defiance
   Choose one or more —

   • Clan Defiance deals X damage to target creature with flying.

   • Clan Defiance deals X damage to target creature without flying.

   • Clan Defiance deals X damage to target player or planeswalker.


Coiling Oracle
   When Coiling Oracle enters the battlefield, reveal the top card of your library. If it's a land card, put it onto the battlefield. Otherwise, put that card into your hand.


Consuming Aberration
   Consuming Aberration's power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in your opponents' graveyards.

   Whenever you cast a spell, each opponent reveals cards from the top of their library until they reveal a land card, then puts those cards into their graveyard.


Corpsejack Menace
   If one or more +1/+1 counters would be put on a creature you control, twice that many +1/+1 counters are put on it instead.


Crackling Doom
   Crackling Doom deals 2 damage to each opponent. Each opponent sacrifices a creature with the greatest power among creatures that player controls.


Dauntless Escort
   Sacrifice Dauntless Escort: Creatures you control gain indestructible until end of turn.


Decimate
   Destroy target artifact, target creature, target enchantment, and target land.


Duneblast
   Choose up to one creature. Destroy the rest.


Edric, Spymaster of Trest
   Whenever a creature deals combat damage to one of your opponents, its controller may draw a card.


Enduring Scalelord
   Flying

   Whenever one or more +1/+1 counters are put on another creature you control, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Enduring Scalelord.


Etherium-Horn Sorcerer
   |mana_1|\ |mana_u|\ |mana_r|: Return Etherium-Horn Sorcerer to its owner's hand.

   Cascade (When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom of your library in a random order.)


Fathom Mage
   Evolve (Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, if that creature has greater power or toughness than this creature, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)

   Whenever a +1/+1 counter is put on Fathom Mage, you may draw a card.


Filigree Angel
   Flying

   When Filigree Angel enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life for each artifact you control.


Ghave, Guru of Spores
   Ghave, Guru of Spores enters the battlefield with five +1/+1 counters on it.

   |mana_1|, Remove a +1/+1 counter from a creature you control: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.

   |mana_1|, Sacrifice a creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.


Glint-Eye Nephilim
   Whenever Glint-Eye Nephilim deals combat damage to a player, draw that many cards.

   |mana_1|, Discard a card: Glint-Eye Nephilim gets +1/+1 until end of turn.


Gwafa Hazid, Profiteer
   |mana_w|\ |mana_u|, |tap|: Put a bribery counter on target creature you don't control. Its controller draws a card.

   Creatures with bribery counters on them can't attack or block.


Hanna, Ship's Navigator
   |mana_1|\ |mana_w|\ |mana_u|, |tap|: Return target artifact or enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand.


Horizon Chimera
   Flash

   Flying, trample

   Whenever you draw a card, you gain 1 life.


Iroas, God of Victory
   Indestructible

   As long as your devotion to red and white is less than seven, Iroas isn't a creature.

   Creatures you control have menace.

   Prevent all damage that would be dealt to attacking creatures you control.


Jor Kadeen, the Prevailer
   First strike

   Metalcraft — Creatures you control get +3/+0 as long as you control three or more artifacts.


Juniper Order Ranger
   Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature and a +1/+1 counter on Juniper Order Ranger.


Korozda Guildmage
   |mana_1|\ |mana_b|\ |mana_g|: Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains intimidate until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)

   |mana_2|\ |mana_b|\ |mana_g|, Sacrifice a nontoken creature: Create X 1/1 green Saproling creature tokens, where X is the sacrificed creature's toughness.


Lavalanche
   Lavalanche deals X damage to target player or planeswalker and each creature that player or that planeswalker's controller controls.


Master Biomancer
   Each other creature you control enters the battlefield with a number of additional +1/+1 counters on it equal to Master Biomancer's power and as a Mutant in addition to its other types.


Merciless Eviction
   Choose one —

   • Exile all artifacts.

   • Exile all creatures.

   • Exile all enchantments.

   • Exile all planeswalkers.


Mortify
   Destroy target creature or enchantment.


Nath of the Gilt-Leaf
   At the beginning of your upkeep, you may have target opponent discard a card at random.

   Whenever an opponent discards a card, you may create a 1/1 green Elf Warrior creature token.


Naya Charm
   Choose one —

   • Naya Charm deals 3 damage to target creature.

   • Return target card from a graveyard to its owner's hand.

   • Tap all creatures target player controls.


Necrogenesis
   |mana_2|: Exile target creature card from a graveyard. Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.


Progenitor Mimic
   You may have Progenitor Mimic enter the battlefield as a copy of any creature on the battlefield, except it has "At the beginning of your upkeep, if this creature isn't a token, create a token that's a copy of this creature."


Putrefy
   Destroy target artifact or creature. It can't be regenerated.


Rakdos Charm
   Choose one —

   • Exile all cards from target player's graveyard.

   • Destroy target artifact.

   • Each creature deals 1 damage to its controller.


Rubblehulk
   Rubblehulk's power and toughness are each equal to the number of lands you control.

   Bloodrush — |mana_1|\ |mana_r|\ |mana_g|, Discard Rubblehulk: Target attacking creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of lands you control.


Selvala, Explorer Returned
   Parley — |tap|: Each player reveals the top card of their library. For each nonland card revealed this way, add |mana_g| and you gain 1 life. Then each player draws a card.


Sharuum the Hegemon
   Flying

   When Sharuum the Hegemon enters the battlefield, you may return target artifact card from your graveyard to the battlefield.


Spellheart Chimera
   Flying, trample

   Spellheart Chimera's power is equal to the number of instant and sorcery cards in your graveyard.


Sphinx Summoner
   Flying

   When Sphinx Summoner enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an artifact creature card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you do, shuffle your library.


Sydri, Galvanic Genius
   |mana_u|: Target noncreature artifact becomes an artifact creature with power and toughness each equal to its converted mana cost until end of turn.

   |mana_w|\ |mana_b|: Target artifact creature gains deathtouch and lifelink until end of turn.


Terminate
   Destroy target creature. It can't be regenerated.


Utter End
   Exile target nonland permanent.


Vorel of the Hull Clade
   |mana_g|\ |mana_u|, |tap|: Double the number of each kind of counter on target artifact, creature, or land.


Vulturous Zombie
   Flying

   Whenever a card is put into an opponent's graveyard from anywhere, put a +1/+1 counter on Vulturous Zombie.


Whispering Madness
   Each player discards their hand, then draws cards equal to the greatest number of cards a player discarded this way.

   Cipher (Then you may exile this spell card encoded on a creature you control. Whenever that creature deals combat damage to a player, its controller may cast a copy of the encoded card without paying its mana cost.)


Wilderness Elemental
   Trample

   Wilderness Elemental's power is equal to the number of nonbasic lands your opponents control.


Zedruu the Greathearted
   At the beginning of your upkeep, you gain X life and draw X cards, where X is the number of permanents you own that your opponents control.

   |mana_u|\ |mana_r|\ |mana_w|: Target opponent gains control of target permanent you control.


Zhur-Taa Druid
   |tap|: Add |mana_g|.

   Whenever you tap Zhur-Taa Druid for mana, it deals 1 damage to each opponent.


Everlasting Torment
   Players can't gain life.

   Damage can't be prevented.

   All damage is dealt as though its source had wither. (A source with wither deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)


Mirrorweave
   Each other creature becomes a copy of target nonlegendary creature until end of turn.


Selesnya Guildmage
   |mana_3|\ |mana_g|: Create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.

   |mana_3|\ |mana_w|: Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.


Spitting Image
   Create a token that's a copy of target creature.

   Retrace (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a land card in addition to paying its other costs.)


Thopter Foundry
   |mana_1|, Sacrifice a nontoken artifact: Create a 1/1 blue Thopter artifact creature token with flying. You gain 1 life.


Worm Harvest
   Create a 1/1 black and green Worm creature token for each land card in your graveyard.

   Retrace (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a land card in addition to paying its other costs.)


Trial
   Return all creatures blocking or blocked by target creature to their owner's hand.


Error
   Counter target multicolored spell.


Order
   Exile target attacking creature.


Chaos
   Creatures can't block this turn.


Akroan Horse
   Defender

   When Akroan Horse enters the battlefield, an opponent gains control of it.

   At the beginning of your upkeep, each opponent creates a 1/1 white Soldier creature token.


Assault Suit
   Equipped creature gets +2/+2, has haste, can't attack you or a planeswalker you control, and can't be sacrificed.

   At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, you may have that player gain control of equipped creature until end of turn. If you do, untap it.

   Equip |mana_3|


Astral Cornucopia
   Astral Cornucopia enters the battlefield with X charge counters on it.

   |tap|: Choose a color. Add one mana of that color for each charge counter on Astral Cornucopia.


Blinkmoth Urn
   At the beginning of each player's precombat main phase, if Blinkmoth Urn is untapped, that player adds |colorless| for each artifact they control.


Bonehoard
   Living weapon (When this Equipment enters the battlefield, create a 0/0 black Germ creature token, then attach this to it.)

   Equipped creature gets +X/+X, where X is the number of creature cards in all graveyards.

   Equip |mana_2|


Cauldron of Souls
   |tap|: Choose any number of target creatures. Each of those creatures gains persist until end of turn. (When it dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner's control with a -1/-1 counter on it.)


Chromatic Lantern
   Lands you control have "|tap|: Add one mana of any color."

   |tap|: Add one mana of any color.


Commander's Sphere
   |tap|: Add one mana of any color in your commander's color identity.

   Sacrifice Commander's Sphere: Draw a card.


Cranial Plating
   Equipped creature gets +1/+0 for each artifact you control.

   |mana_b|\ |mana_b|: Attach Cranial Plating to target creature you control.

   Equip |mana_1|


Darksteel Ingot
   Indestructible

   |tap|: Add one mana of any color.


Empyrial Plate
   Equipped creature gets +1/+1 for each card in your hand.

   Equip |mana_2|


Etched Oracle
   Sunburst (This enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each color of mana spent to cast it.)

   |mana_1|, Remove four +1/+1 counters from Etched Oracle: Target player draws three cards.


Everflowing Chalice
   Multikicker |mana_2| (You may pay an additional |mana_2| any number of times as you cast this spell.)

   Everflowing Chalice enters the battlefield with a charge counter on it for each time it was kicked.

   |tap|: Add |colorless| for each charge counter on Everflowing Chalice.


Fellwar Stone
   |tap|: Add one mana of any color that a land an opponent controls could produce.


Golgari Signet
   |mana_1|, |tap|: Add |mana_b|\ |mana_g|.


Gruul Signet
   |mana_1|, |tap|: Add |mana_r|\ |mana_g|.


Howling Mine
   At the beginning of each player's draw step, if Howling Mine is untapped, that player draws an additional card.


Ichor Wellspring
   When Ichor Wellspring enters the battlefield or is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, draw a card.


Keening Stone
   |mana_5|, |tap|: Target player puts the top X cards of their library into their graveyard, where X is the number of cards in that player's graveyard.


Lightning Greaves
   Equipped creature has haste and shroud. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)

   Equip |mana_0|


Loxodon Warhammer
   Equipped creature gets +3/+0 and has trample and lifelink.

   Equip |mana_3|


Mycosynth Wellspring
   When Mycosynth Wellspring enters the battlefield or is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.


Myr Battlesphere
   When Myr Battlesphere enters the battlefield, create four 1/1 colorless Myr artifact creature tokens.

   Whenever Myr Battlesphere attacks, you may tap X untapped Myr you control. If you do, Myr Battlesphere gets +X/+0 until end of turn and deals X damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.


Myr Retriever
   When Myr Retriever dies, return another target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.


Nevinyrral's Disk
   Nevinyrral's Disk enters the battlefield tapped.

   |mana_1|, |tap|: Destroy all artifacts, creatures, and enchantments.


Orzhov Signet
   |mana_1|, |tap|: Add |mana_w|\ |mana_b|.


Psychosis Crawler
   Psychosis Crawler's power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in your hand.

   Whenever you draw a card, each opponent loses 1 life.


Rakdos Signet
   |mana_1|, |tap|: Add |mana_b|\ |mana_r|.


Shimmer Myr
   Flash

   You may cast artifact spells as though they had flash.


Simic Signet
   |mana_1|, |tap|: Add |mana_g|\ |mana_u|.


Skullclamp
   Equipped creature gets +1/-1.

   Whenever equipped creature dies, draw two cards.

   Equip |mana_1|


Sol Ring
   |tap|: Add |colorless|\ |colorless|.


Solemn Simulacrum
   When Solemn Simulacrum enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.

   When Solemn Simulacrum dies, you may draw a card.


Soul of New Phyrexia
   Trample

   |mana_5|: Permanents you control gain indestructible until end of turn.

   |mana_5|, Exile Soul of New Phyrexia from your graveyard: Permanents you control gain indestructible until end of turn.


Sunforger
   Equipped creature gets +4/+0.

   |mana_r|\ |mana_w|, Unattach Sunforger: Search your library for a red or white instant card with converted mana cost 4 or less and cast that card without paying its mana cost. Then shuffle your library.

   Equip |mana_3|


Swiftfoot Boots
   Equipped creature has hexproof and haste.

   Equip |mana_1|


Temple Bell
   |tap|: Each player draws a card.


Trading Post
   |mana_1|, |tap|, Discard a card: You gain 4 life.

   |mana_1|, |tap|, Pay 1 life: Create a 0/1 white Goat creature token.

   |mana_1|, |tap|, Sacrifice a creature: Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.

   |mana_1|, |tap|, Sacrifice an artifact: Draw a card.


Venser's Journal
   You have no maximum hand size.

   At the beginning of your upkeep, you gain 1 life for each card in your hand.


Whispersilk Cloak
   Equipped creature can't be blocked and has shroud. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities.)

   Equip |mana_2|


Arcane Sanctum
   Arcane Sanctum enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_w|, |mana_u|, or |mana_b|.


Azorius Chancery
   Azorius Chancery enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Azorius Chancery enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.

   |tap|: Add |mana_w|\ |mana_u|.


Boros Garrison
   Boros Garrison enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Boros Garrison enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r|\ |mana_w|.


Buried Ruin
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_2|, |tap|, Sacrifice Buried Ruin: Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.


Caves of Koilos
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |tap|: Add |mana_w| or |mana_b|. Caves of Koilos deals 1 damage to you.


Command Tower
   |tap|: Add one mana of any color in your commander's color identity.


Crumbling Necropolis
   Crumbling Necropolis enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_u|, |mana_b|, or |mana_r|.


Darksteel Citadel
   Indestructible

   |tap|: Add |colorless|.


Darkwater Catacombs
   |mana_1|, |tap|: Add |mana_u|\ |mana_b|.


Dimir Aqueduct
   Dimir Aqueduct enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Dimir Aqueduct enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.

   |tap|: Add |mana_u|\ |mana_b|.


Dismal Backwater
   Dismal Backwater enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Dismal Backwater enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.

   |tap|: Add |mana_u| or |mana_b|.


Dragonskull Summit
   Dragonskull Summit enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a Swamp or a Mountain.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b| or |mana_r|.


Dreadship Reef
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_1|, |tap|: Put a storage counter on Dreadship Reef.

   |mana_1|, Remove X storage counters from Dreadship Reef: Add X mana in any combination of |mana_u| and/or |mana_b|.


Evolving Wilds
   |tap|, Sacrifice Evolving Wilds: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.


Exotic Orchard
   |tap|: Add one mana of any color that a land an opponent controls could produce.


Forbidden Orchard
   |tap|: Add one mana of any color.

   Whenever you tap Forbidden Orchard for mana, target opponent creates a 1/1 colorless Spirit creature token.


Frontier Bivouac
   Frontier Bivouac enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g|, |mana_u|, or |mana_r|.


Golgari Rot Farm
   Golgari Rot Farm enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Golgari Rot Farm enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b|\ |mana_g|.


Grand Coliseum
   Grand Coliseum enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |tap|: Add one mana of any color. Grand Coliseum deals 1 damage to you.


Gruul Turf
   Gruul Turf enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Gruul Turf enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r|\ |mana_g|.


Homeward Path
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |tap|: Each player gains control of all creatures they own.


Izzet Boilerworks
   Izzet Boilerworks enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Izzet Boilerworks enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.

   |tap|: Add |mana_u|\ |mana_r|.


Jungle Hollow
   Jungle Hollow enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Jungle Hollow enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b| or |mana_g|.


Jungle Shrine
   Jungle Shrine enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r|, |mana_g|, or |mana_w|.


Karplusan Forest
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r| or |mana_g|. Karplusan Forest deals 1 damage to you.


Krosan Verge
   Krosan Verge enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_2|, |tap|, Sacrifice Krosan Verge: Search your library for a Forest card and a Plains card, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.


Mosswort Bridge
   Hideaway (This land enters the battlefield tapped. When it does, look at the top four cards of your library, exile one face down, then put the rest on the bottom of your library.)

   |tap|: Add |mana_g|.

   |mana_g|, |tap|: You may play the exiled card without paying its mana cost if creatures you control have total power 10 or greater.


Murmuring Bosk
   (|tap|: Add |mana_g|.)

   As Murmuring Bosk enters the battlefield, you may reveal a Treefolk card from your hand. If you don't, Murmuring Bosk enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_w| or |mana_b|. Murmuring Bosk deals 1 damage to you.


Myriad Landscape
   Myriad Landscape enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_2|, |tap|, Sacrifice Myriad Landscape: Search your library for up to two basic land cards that share a land type, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.


Mystic Monastery
   Mystic Monastery enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_u|, |mana_r|, or |mana_w|.


Nomad Outpost
   Nomad Outpost enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r|, |mana_w|, or |mana_b|.


Opal Palace
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_1|, |tap|: Add one mana of any color in your commander's color identity. If you spend this mana to cast your commander, it enters the battlefield with a number of additional +1/+1 counters on it equal to the number of times it's been cast from the command zone this game.


Opulent Palace
   Opulent Palace enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b|, |mana_g|, or |mana_u|.


Orzhov Basilica
   Orzhov Basilica enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Orzhov Basilica enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.

   |tap|: Add |mana_w|\ |mana_b|.


Rakdos Carnarium
   Rakdos Carnarium enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Rakdos Carnarium enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b|\ |mana_r|.


Reliquary Tower
   You have no maximum hand size.

   |tap|: Add |colorless|.


Rootbound Crag
   Rootbound Crag enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a Mountain or a Forest.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r| or |mana_g|.


Rugged Highlands
   Rugged Highlands enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Rugged Highlands enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r| or |mana_g|.


Rupture Spire
   Rupture Spire enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Rupture Spire enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you pay |mana_1|.

   |tap|: Add one mana of any color.


Sandsteppe Citadel
   Sandsteppe Citadel enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_w|, |mana_b|, or |mana_g|.


Savage Lands
   Savage Lands enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b|, |mana_r|, or |mana_g|.


Seaside Citadel
   Seaside Citadel enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g|, |mana_w|, or |mana_u|.


Seat of the Synod
   (Seat of the Synod isn't a spell.)

   |tap|: Add |mana_u|.


Selesnya Sanctuary
   Selesnya Sanctuary enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Selesnya Sanctuary enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g|\ |mana_w|.


Shadowblood Ridge
   |mana_1|, |tap|: Add |mana_b|\ |mana_r|.


Simic Growth Chamber
   Simic Growth Chamber enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Simic Growth Chamber enters the battlefield, return a land you control to its owner's hand.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g|\ |mana_u|.


Spinerock Knoll
   Hideaway (This land enters the battlefield tapped. When it does, look at the top four cards of your library, exile one face down, then put the rest on the bottom of your library.)

   |tap|: Add |mana_r|.

   |mana_r|, |tap|: You may play the exiled card without paying its mana cost if an opponent was dealt 7 or more damage this turn.


Sungrass Prairie
   |mana_1|, |tap|: Add |mana_g|\ |mana_w|.


Sunpetal Grove
   Sunpetal Grove enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a Forest or a Plains.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g| or |mana_w|.


Swiftwater Cliffs
   Swiftwater Cliffs enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Swiftwater Cliffs enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.

   |tap|: Add |mana_u| or |mana_r|.


Temple of the False God
   |tap|: Add |colorless|\ |colorless|. Activate this ability only if you control five or more lands.


Terramorphic Expanse
   |tap|, Sacrifice Terramorphic Expanse: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.


Thornwood Falls
   Thornwood Falls enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Thornwood Falls enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g| or |mana_u|.


Transguild Promenade
   Transguild Promenade enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Transguild Promenade enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you pay |mana_1|.

   |tap|: Add one mana of any color.


Underground River
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |tap|: Add |mana_u| or |mana_b|. Underground River deals 1 damage to you.


Windbrisk Heights
   Hideaway (This land enters the battlefield tapped. When it does, look at the top four cards of your library, exile one face down, then put the rest on the bottom of your library.)

   |tap|: Add |mana_w|.

   |mana_w|, |tap|: You may play the exiled card without paying its mana cost if you attacked with three or more creatures this turn.


Plains
   


Plains
   


Plains
   


Island
   


Island
   


Island
   


Swamp
   


Swamp
   


Swamp
   


Mountain
   


Mountain
   


Mountain
   


Forest
   


Forest
   


Forest
   

