.. Explorers of Ixalan (autogenerated)
.. include:: symbols.rst
        
Explorers of Ixalan
===================
        

Beacon of Immortality
   Double target player's life total. Shuffle Beacon of Immortality into its owner's library.


Day of Judgment
   Destroy all creatures.


Path to Exile
   Exile target creature. Its controller may search their library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle their library.


Shielded by Faith
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature has indestructible.

   Whenever a creature enters the battlefield, you may attach Shielded by Faith to that creature.


Veteran's Reflexes
   Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Untap that creature.


Vow of Duty
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature gets +2/+2, has vigilance, and can't attack you or a planeswalker you control.


Aether Gale
   Return six target nonland permanents to their owners' hands.


Blatant Thievery
   For each opponent, gain control of target permanent that player controls.


Concentrate
   Draw three cards.


Merfolk Sovereign
   Other Merfolk creatures you control get +1/+1.

   |tap|: Target Merfolk creature can't be blocked this turn.


Threads of Disloyalty
   Enchant creature with converted mana cost 2 or less

   You control enchanted creature.


Time Warp
   Target player takes an extra turn after this one.


Unsummon
   Return target creature to its owner's hand.


Vow of Flight
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature gets +2/+2, has flying, and can't attack you or a planeswalker you control.


Bloodbond Vampire
   Whenever you gain life, put a +1/+1 counter on Bloodbond Vampire.


Child of Night
   Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)


Coat with Venom
   Target creature gets +1/+2 and gains deathtouch until end of turn. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)


Doom Blade
   Destroy target nonblack creature.


Innocent Blood
   Each player sacrifices a creature.


Necropolis Regent
   Flying

   Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, put that many +1/+1 counters on it.


Urge to Feed
   Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn. You may tap any number of untapped Vampire creatures you control. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on each of those Vampires.


Vampire Interloper
   Flying

   Vampire Interloper can't block.


Vampire Nighthawk
   Flying, deathtouch, lifelink


Vampire Noble
   


Aggravated Assault
   |mana_3|\ |mana_r|\ |mana_r|: Untap all creatures you control. After this main phase, there is an additional combat phase followed by an additional main phase. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.


Disaster Radius
   As an additional cost to cast this spell, reveal a creature card from your hand.

   Disaster Radius deals X damage to each creature your opponents control, where X is the revealed card's converted mana cost.


Mass Mutiny
   For each opponent, gain control of up to one target creature that player controls until end of turn. Untap those creatures. They gain haste until end of turn.


Rush of Adrenaline
   Target creature gets +2/+1 and gains trample until end of turn.


Shared Animosity
   Whenever a creature you control attacks, it gets +1/+0 until end of turn for each other attacking creature that shares a creature type with it.


Vow of Lightning
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature gets +2/+2, has first strike, and can't attack you or a planeswalker you control.


Borderland Ranger
   When Borderland Ranger enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you do, shuffle your library.


Giant Growth
   Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn.


Hunter's Prowess
   Until end of turn, target creature gets +3/+3 and gains trample and "Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, draw that many cards."


Prey Upon
   Target creature you control fights target creature you don't control. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)


Rancor
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature gets +2/+0 and has trample.

   When Rancor is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return Rancor to its owner's hand.


Soul of the Harvest
   Trample

   Whenever another nontoken creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may draw a card.


Vow of Wildness
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature gets +3/+3, has trample, and can't attack you or a planeswalker you control.


Jungle Barrier
   Defender (This creature can't attack.)

   When Jungle Barrier enters the battlefield, draw a card.


Lightning Helix
   Lightning Helix deals 3 damage to any target and you gain 3 life.


Mortify
   Destroy target creature or enchantment.


Zealous Persecution
   Until end of turn, creatures you control get +1/+1 and creatures your opponents control get -1/-1.


Adaptive Automaton
   As Adaptive Automaton enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.

   Adaptive Automaton is the chosen type in addition to its other types.

   Other creatures you control of the chosen type get +1/+1.


Prismatic Lens
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_1|, |tap|: Add one mana of any color.


Quicksilver Amulet
   |mana_4|, |tap|: You may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield.


Crumbling Necropolis
   Crumbling Necropolis enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_u|, |mana_b|, or |mana_r|.


Jungle Shrine
   Jungle Shrine enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r|, |mana_g|, or |mana_w|.


Tainted Field
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |tap|: Add |mana_w| or |mana_b|. Activate this ability only if you control a Swamp.

