.. Kaladesh (autogenerated)
.. include:: symbols.rst
        
Kaladesh
========
        

Acrobatic Maneuver
   Exile target creature you control, then return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control.

   Draw a card.


Aerial Responder
   Flying, vigilance, lifelink


Aetherstorm Roc
   Flying

   Whenever Aetherstorm Roc or another creature enters the battlefield under your control, you get {E} (an energy counter).

   Whenever Aetherstorm Roc attacks, you may pay {E} {E}. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on it and tap up to one target creature defending player controls.


Angel of Invention
   Flying, vigilance, lifelink

   Fabricate 2 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put two +1/+1 counters on it or create two 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature tokens.)

   Other creatures you control get +1/+1.


Authority of the Consuls
   Creatures your opponents control enter the battlefield tapped.

   Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under an opponent's control, you gain 1 life.


Aviary Mechanic
   When Aviary Mechanic enters the battlefield, you may return another permanent you control to its owner's hand.


Built to Last
   Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. If it's an artifact creature, it gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say "destroy" don't destroy it.)


Captured by the Consulate
   Enchant creature you don't control

   Enchanted creature can't attack.

   Whenever an opponent casts a spell, if it has a single target, change the target to enchanted creature if able.


Cataclysmic Gearhulk
   Vigilance

   When Cataclysmic Gearhulk enters the battlefield, each player chooses an artifact, a creature, an enchantment, and a planeswalker from among the nonland permanents they control, then sacrifices the rest.


Consulate Surveillance
   When Consulate Surveillance enters the battlefield, you get {E} {E} {E} {E} (four energy counters).

   Pay {E} {E}: Prevent all damage that would be dealt to you this turn by a source of your choice.


Consul's Shieldguard
   When Consul's Shieldguard enters the battlefield, you get {E} {E} (two energy counters).

   Whenever Consul's Shieldguard attacks, you may pay {E}. If you do, another target attacking creature gains indestructible until end of turn.


Eddytrail Hawk
   Flying

   When Eddytrail Hawk enters the battlefield, you get {E} {E} (two energy counters).

   Whenever Eddytrail Hawk attacks, you may pay {E}. If you do, another target attacking creature gains flying until end of turn.


Fairgrounds Warden
   When Fairgrounds Warden enters the battlefield, exile target creature an opponent controls until Fairgrounds Warden leaves the battlefield.


Fragmentize
   Destroy target artifact or enchantment with converted mana cost 4 or less.


Fumigate
   Destroy all creatures. You gain 1 life for each creature destroyed this way.


Gearshift Ace
   First strike

   Whenever Gearshift Ace crews a Vehicle, that Vehicle gains first strike until end of turn.


Glint-Sleeve Artisan
   Fabricate 1 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on it or create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.)


Herald of the Fair
   When Herald of the Fair enters the battlefield, target creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn.


Impeccable Timing
   Impeccable Timing deals 3 damage to target attacking or blocking creature.


Inspired Charge
   Creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn.


Master Trinketeer
   Servos and Thopters you control get +1/+1.

   |mana_3| |mana_w|: Create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.


Ninth Bridge Patrol
   Whenever another creature you control leaves the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on Ninth Bridge Patrol.


Pressure Point
   Tap target creature.

   Draw a card.


Propeller Pioneer
   Flying

   Fabricate 1 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on it or create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.)


Refurbish
   Return target artifact card from your graveyard to the battlefield.


Revoke Privileges
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature can't attack, block, or crew Vehicles.


Servo Exhibition
   Create two 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature tokens.


Skyswirl Harrier
   Flying


Skywhaler's Shot
   Destroy target creature with power 3 or greater. Scry 1.


Tasseled Dromedary
   


Thriving Ibex
   When Thriving Ibex enters the battlefield, you get {E} {E} (two energy counters).

   Whenever Thriving Ibex attacks, you may pay {E} {E}. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on it.


Toolcraft Exemplar
   At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you control an artifact, Toolcraft Exemplar gets +2/+1 until end of turn. If you control three or more artifacts, it also gains first strike until end of turn.


Trusty Companion
   Vigilance

   Trusty Companion can't attack alone.


Visionary Augmenter
   Fabricate 2 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put two +1/+1 counters on it or create two 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature tokens.)


Wispweaver Angel
   Flying

   When Wispweaver Angel enters the battlefield, you may exile another target creature you control, then return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control.


Aether Meltdown
   Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)

   Enchant creature or Vehicle

   When Aether Meltdown enters the battlefield, you get {E} {E} (two energy counters).

   Enchanted permanent gets -4/-0.


Aether Theorist
   When Aether Theorist enters the battlefield, you get {E} {E} {E} (three energy counters).

   |tap|, Pay {E}: Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)


Aether Tradewinds
   Return target permanent you control and target permanent you don't control to their owners' hands.


Aethersquall Ancient
   Flying

   At the beginning of your upkeep, you get {E} {E} {E} (three energy counters).

   Pay {E} {E} {E} {E} {E} {E} {E} {E}: Return all other creatures to their owners' hands. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.


Ceremonious Rejection
   Counter target colorless spell.


Confiscation Coup
   Choose target artifact or creature. You get {E} {E} {E} {E} (four energy counters), then you may pay an amount of {E} equal to that permanent's converted mana cost. If you do, gain control of it.


Curio Vendor
   


Disappearing Act
   As an additional cost to cast this spell, return a permanent you control to its owner's hand.

   Counter target spell.


Dramatic Reversal
   Untap all nonland permanents you control.


Era of Innovation
   Whenever an artifact or Artificer enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay |mana_1|. If you do, you get {E} {E} (two energy counters).

   Pay {E} {E} {E} {E} {E} {E}, Sacrifice Era of Innovation: Draw three cards.


Experimental Aviator
   Flying

   When Experimental Aviator enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature tokens with flying.


Failed Inspection
   Counter target spell. Draw a card, then discard a card.


Gearseeker Serpent
   This spell costs |mana_1| less to cast for each artifact you control.

   |mana_5| |mana_u|: Gearseeker Serpent can't be blocked this turn.


Glimmer of Genius
   Scry 2, then draw two cards. You get {E} {E} (two energy counters).


Glint-Nest Crane
   Flying

   When Glint-Nest Crane enters the battlefield, look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal an artifact card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.


Hightide Hermit
   Defender

   When Hightide Hermit enters the battlefield, you get {E} {E} {E} {E} (four energy counters).

   Pay {E} {E}: Hightide Hermit can attack this turn as though it didn't have defender.


Insidious Will
   Choose one —

   • Counter target spell.

   • You may choose new targets for target spell.

   • Copy target instant or sorcery spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.


Janjeet Sentry
   When Janjeet Sentry enters the battlefield, you get {E} {E} (two energy counters).

   |tap|, Pay {E} {E}: You may tap or untap target artifact or creature.


Long-Finned Skywhale
   Flying

   Long-Finned Skywhale can block only creatures with flying.


Malfunction
   Enchant artifact or creature

   When Malfunction enters the battlefield, tap enchanted permanent.

   Enchanted permanent doesn't untap during its controller's untap step.


Metallurgic Summonings
   Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, create an X/X colorless Construct artifact creature token, where X is that spell's converted mana cost.

   |mana_3| |mana_u| |mana_u|, Exile Metallurgic Summonings: Return all instant and sorcery cards from your graveyard to your hand. Activate this ability only if you control six or more artifacts.


Minister of Inquiries
   When Minister of Inquiries enters the battlefield, you get {E} {E} (two energy counters).

   |tap|, Pay {E}: Target player puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard.


Nimble Innovator
   When Nimble Innovator enters the battlefield, draw a card.


Padeem, Consul of Innovation
   Artifacts you control have hexproof.

   At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control the artifact with the highest converted mana cost or tied for the highest converted mana cost, draw a card.


Paradoxical Outcome
   Return any number of target nonland, nontoken permanents you control to their owners' hands. Draw a card for each card returned to your hand this way.


Revolutionary Rebuff
   Counter target nonartifact spell unless its controller pays |mana_2|.


Saheeli's Artistry
   Choose one or both —

   • Create a token that's a copy of target artifact.

   • Create a token that's a copy of target creature, except it's an artifact in addition to its other types.


Select for Inspection
   Return target tapped creature to its owner's hand. Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)


Shrewd Negotiation
   Exchange control of target artifact you control and target artifact or creature you don't control.


Tezzeret's Ambition
   Draw three cards. If you control no artifacts, discard a card.


Thriving Turtle
   When Thriving Turtle enters the battlefield, you get {E} {E} (two energy counters).

   Whenever Thriving Turtle attacks, you may pay {E} {E}. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on it.


Torrential Gearhulk
   Flash

   When Torrential Gearhulk enters the battlefield, you may cast target instant card from your graveyard without paying its mana cost. If that card would be put into your graveyard this turn, exile it instead.


Vedalken Blademaster
   Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)


Weldfast Wingsmith
   Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control, Weldfast Wingsmith gains flying until end of turn.


Wind Drake
   Flying


Aetherborn Marauder
   Flying, lifelink

   When Aetherborn Marauder enters the battlefield, move any number of +1/+1 counters from other permanents you control onto Aetherborn Marauder.


Ambitious Aetherborn
   Fabricate 1 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on it or create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.)


Demon of Dark Schemes
   Flying

   When Demon of Dark Schemes enters the battlefield, all other creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn.

   Whenever another creature dies, you get {E} (an energy counter).

   |mana_2| |mana_b|, Pay {E} {E} {E} {E}: Put target creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control tapped.


Dhund Operative
   As long as you control an artifact, Dhund Operative gets +1/+0 and has deathtouch. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)


Diabolic Tutor
   Search your library for a card and put that card into your hand. Then shuffle your library.


Die Young
   Choose target creature. You get {E} {E} (two energy counters), then you may pay any amount of {E}. The creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn for each {E} paid this way.


Dukhara Scavenger
   When Dukhara Scavenger enters the battlefield, you may put target artifact or creature card from your graveyard on top of your library.


Eliminate the Competition
   As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice X creatures.

   Destroy X target creatures.


Embraal Bruiser
   Embraal Bruiser enters the battlefield tapped.

   Embraal Bruiser has menace as long as you control an artifact.


Essence Extraction
   Essence Extraction deals 3 damage to target creature and you gain 3 life.


Fortuitous Find
   Choose one or both —

   • Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.

   • Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.


Foundry Screecher
   Flying

   Foundry Screecher gets +1/+0 as long as you control an artifact.


Fretwork Colony
   Fretwork Colony can't block.

   At the beginning of your upkeep, put a +1/+1 counter on Fretwork Colony and you lose 1 life.


Gonti, Lord of Luxury
   Deathtouch

   When Gonti, Lord of Luxury enters the battlefield, look at the top four cards of target opponent's library, exile one of them face down, then put the rest on the bottom of that library in a random order. You may look at and cast that card for as long as it remains exiled, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any type to cast that spell.


Harsh Scrutiny
   Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a creature card from it. That player discards that card. Scry 1.


Lawless Broker
   When Lawless Broker dies, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.


Live Fast
   You draw two cards, lose 2 life, and get {E} {E} (two energy counters).


Lost Legacy
   Choose a nonartifact, nonland card name. Search target player's graveyard, hand, and library for any number of cards with that name and exile them. That player shuffles their library, then draws a card for each card exiled from hand this way.


Make Obsolete
   Creatures your opponents control get -1/-1 until end of turn.


Marionette Master
   Fabricate 3 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put three +1/+1 counters on it or create three 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature tokens.)

   Whenever an artifact you control is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, target opponent loses life equal to Marionette Master's power.


Maulfist Squad
   Menace

   Fabricate 1 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on it or create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.)


Midnight Oil
   Midnight Oil enters the battlefield with seven hour counters on it.

   At the beginning of your draw step, draw an additional card and remove two hour counters from Midnight Oil.

   Your maximum hand size is equal to the number of hour counters on Midnight Oil.

   Whenever you discard a card, you lose 1 life.


Mind Rot
   Target player discards two cards.


Morbid Curiosity
   As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact or creature.

   Draw cards equal to the converted mana cost of the sacrificed permanent.


Night Market Lookout
   Whenever Night Market Lookout becomes tapped, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.


Noxious Gearhulk
   Menace

   When Noxious Gearhulk enters the battlefield, you may destroy another target creature. If a creature is destroyed this way, you gain life equal to its toughness.


Ovalchase Daredevil
   Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control, you may return Ovalchase Daredevil from your graveyard to your hand.


Prakhata Club Security
   


Rush of Vitality
   Target creature gets +1/+0 and gains lifelink and indestructible until end of turn. (Damage dealt by that creature also causes its controller to gain that much life, and it can't be destroyed by damage or effects that say "destroy.")


Subtle Strike
   Choose one or both —

   • Target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.

   • Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.


Syndicate Trafficker
   |mana_1|, Sacrifice an artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on Syndicate Trafficker. It gains indestructible until end of turn.


Thriving Rats
   When Thriving Rats enters the battlefield, you get {E} {E} (two energy counters).

   Whenever Thriving Rats attacks, you may pay {E} {E}. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on it.


Tidy Conclusion
   Destroy target creature. You gain 1 life for each artifact you control.


Underhanded Designs
   Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay |mana_1|. If you do, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.

   |mana_1| |mana_b|, Sacrifice Underhanded Designs: Destroy target creature. Activate this ability only if you control two or more artifacts.


Weaponcraft Enthusiast
   Fabricate 2 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put two +1/+1 counters on it or create two 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature tokens.)


Aethertorch Renegade
   When Aethertorch Renegade enters the battlefield, you get {E} {E} {E} {E} (four energy counters).

   |tap|, Pay {E} {E}: Aethertorch Renegade deals 1 damage to target creature.

   |tap|, Pay {E} {E} {E} {E} {E} {E} {E} {E}: Aethertorch Renegade deals 6 damage to target player or planeswalker.


Brazen Scourge
   Haste


Built to Smash
   Target attacking creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn. If it's an artifact creature, it gains trample until end of turn.


Cathartic Reunion
   As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard two cards.

   Draw three cards.


Chandra, Torch of Defiance
   +1: Exile the top card of your library. You may cast that card. If you don't, Chandra, Torch of Defiance deals 2 damage to each opponent.

   +1: Add |mana_r| |mana_r|.

   −3: Chandra, Torch of Defiance deals 4 damage to target creature.

   −7: You get an emblem with "Whenever you cast a spell, this emblem deals 5 damage to any target."


Chandra's Pyrohelix
   Chandra's Pyrohelix deals 2 damage divided as you choose among one or two targets.


Combustible Gearhulk
   First strike

   When Combustible Gearhulk enters the battlefield, target opponent may have you draw three cards. If the player doesn't, put the top three cards of your library into your graveyard, then Combustible Gearhulk deals damage to that player equal to the total converted mana cost of those cards.


Demolish
   Destroy target artifact or land.


Fateful Showdown
   Fateful Showdown deals damage to any target equal to the number of cards in your hand. Discard all the cards in your hand, then draw that many cards.


Furious Reprisal
   Furious Reprisal deals 2 damage to each of two targets.


Giant Spectacle
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature gets +2/+1 and has menace.


Harnessed Lightning
   Choose target creature. You get {E} {E} {E} (three energy counters), then you may pay any amount of {E}. Harnessed Lightning deals that much damage to that creature.


Hijack
   Gain control of target artifact or creature until end of turn. Untap it. It gains haste until end of turn.


Incendiary Sabotage
   As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact.

   Incendiary Sabotage deals 3 damage to each creature.


Inventor's Apprentice
   Inventor's Apprentice gets +1/+1 as long as you control an artifact.


Lathnu Hellion
   Haste

   When Lathnu Hellion enters the battlefield, you get {E} {E} (two energy counters).

   At the beginning of your end step, sacrifice Lathnu Hellion unless you pay {E} {E}.


Madcap Experiment
   Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal an artifact card. Put that card onto the battlefield and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order. Madcap Experiment deals damage to you equal to the number of cards revealed this way.


Maulfist Doorbuster
   When Maulfist Doorbuster enters the battlefield, you get {E} {E} (two energy counters).

   Whenever Maulfist Doorbuster attacks, you may pay {E}. If you do, target creature can't block this turn.


Pia Nalaar
   When Pia Nalaar enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature token with flying.

   |mana_1| |mana_r|: Target artifact creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.

   |mana_1|, Sacrifice an artifact: Target creature can't block this turn.


Quicksmith Genius
   Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.


Reckless Fireweaver
   Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control, Reckless Fireweaver deals 1 damage to each opponent.


Renegade Tactics
   Target creature can't block this turn.

   Draw a card.


Ruinous Gremlin
   |mana_2| |mana_r|, Sacrifice Ruinous Gremlin: Destroy target artifact.


Salivating Gremlins
   Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control, Salivating Gremlins gets +2/+0 and gains trample until end of turn.


Skyship Stalker
   Flying

   |mana_r|: Skyship Stalker gets +1/+0 until end of turn.

   |mana_r|: Skyship Stalker gains first strike until end of turn.

   |mana_r|: Skyship Stalker gains haste until end of turn.


Spark of Creativity
   Choose target creature. Exile the top card of your library. You may have Spark of Creativity deal damage to that creature equal to the exiled card's converted mana cost. If you don't, you may play that card until end of turn.


Speedway Fanatic
   Haste

   Whenever Speedway Fanatic crews a Vehicle, that Vehicle gains haste until end of turn.


Spireside Infiltrator
   Whenever Spireside Infiltrator becomes tapped, it deals 1 damage to each opponent.


Spontaneous Artist
   When Spontaneous Artist enters the battlefield, you get {E} (an energy counter).

   Pay {E}: Target creature gains haste until end of turn.


Start Your Engines
   Vehicles you control become artifact creatures until end of turn. Creatures you control get +2/+0 until end of turn.


Territorial Gorger
   Trample

   Whenever you get one or more {E} (energy counters), Territorial Gorger gets +2/+2 until end of turn.


Terror of the Fairgrounds
   


Thriving Grubs
   When Thriving Grubs enters the battlefield, you get {E} {E} (two energy counters).

   Whenever Thriving Grubs attacks, you may pay {E} {E}. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on it.


Wayward Giant
   Menace


Welding Sparks
   Welding Sparks deals X damage to target creature, where X is 3 plus the number of artifacts you control.


Appetite for the Unnatural
   Destroy target artifact or enchantment. You gain 2 life.


Arborback Stomper
   Trample

   When Arborback Stomper enters the battlefield, you gain 5 life.


Architect of the Untamed
   Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you get {E} (an energy counter).

   Pay {E} {E} {E} {E} {E} {E} {E} {E}: Create a 6/6 colorless Beast artifact creature token.


Armorcraft Judge
   When Armorcraft Judge enters the battlefield, draw a card for each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it.


Attune with Aether
   Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library. You get {E} {E} (two energy counters).


Blossoming Defense
   Target creature you control gets +2/+2 and gains hexproof until end of turn.


Bristling Hydra
   When Bristling Hydra enters the battlefield, you get {E} {E} {E} (three energy counters).

   Pay {E} {E} {E}: Put a +1/+1 counter on Bristling Hydra. It gains hexproof until end of turn.


Commencement of Festivities
   Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to players this turn.


Cowl Prowler
   


Creeping Mold
   Destroy target artifact, enchantment, or land.


Cultivator of Blades
   Fabricate 2 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put two +1/+1 counters on it or create two 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature tokens.)

   Whenever Cultivator of Blades attacks, you may have other attacking creatures get +X/+X until end of turn, where X is Cultivator of Blades's power.


Dubious Challenge
   Look at the top ten cards of your library, exile up to two creature cards from among them, then shuffle your library. Target opponent may choose one of the exiled cards and put it onto the battlefield under their control. Put the rest onto the battlefield under your control.


Durable Handicraft
   Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay |mana_1|. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature.

   |mana_5| |mana_g|, Sacrifice Durable Handicraft: Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.


Elegant Edgecrafters
   Elegant Edgecrafters can't be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.

   Fabricate 2 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put two +1/+1 counters on it or create two 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature tokens.)


Fairgrounds Trumpeter
   At the beginning of each end step, if a +1/+1 counter was put on a permanent under your control this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Fairgrounds Trumpeter.


Ghirapur Guide
   |mana_2| |mana_g|: Target creature you control can't be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less this turn.


Highspire Artisan
   Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)

   Fabricate 1 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on it or create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.)


Hunt the Weak
   Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. Then that creature fights target creature you don't control. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)


Kujar Seedsculptor
   When Kujar Seedsculptor enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.


Larger Than Life
   Target creature gets +4/+4 and gains trample until end of turn.


Longtusk Cub
   Whenever Longtusk Cub deals combat damage to a player, you get {E} {E} (two energy counters).

   Pay {E} {E}: Put a +1/+1 counter on Longtusk Cub.


Nature's Way
   Target creature you control gains vigilance and trample until end of turn. It deals damage equal to its power to target creature you don't control.


Nissa, Vital Force
   +1: Untap target land you control. Until your next turn, it becomes a 5/5 Elemental creature with haste. It's still a land.

   −3: Return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.

   −6: You get an emblem with "Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may draw a card."


Ornamental Courage
   Untap target creature. It gets +1/+3 until end of turn.


Oviya Pashiri, Sage Lifecrafter
   |mana_2| |mana_g|, |tap|: Create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.

   |mana_4| |mana_g|, |tap|: Create an X/X colorless Construct artifact creature token, where X is the number of creatures you control.


Peema Outrider
   Trample

   Fabricate 1 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on it or create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.)


Riparian Tiger
   Trample

   When Riparian Tiger enters the battlefield, you get {E} {E} (two energy counters).

   Whenever Riparian Tiger attacks, you may pay {E} {E}. If you do, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn.


Sage of Shaila's Claim
   When Sage of Shaila's Claim enters the battlefield, you get {E} {E} {E} (three energy counters).


Servant of the Conduit
   When Servant of the Conduit enters the battlefield, you get {E} {E} (two energy counters).

   |tap|, Pay {E}: Add one mana of any color.


Take Down
   Choose one —

   • Take Down deals 4 damage to target creature with flying.

   • Take Down deals 1 damage to each creature with flying.


Thriving Rhino
   When Thriving Rhino enters the battlefield, you get {E} {E} (two energy counters).

   Whenever Thriving Rhino attacks, you may pay {E} {E}. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on it.


Verdurous Gearhulk
   Trample

   When Verdurous Gearhulk enters the battlefield, distribute four +1/+1 counters among any number of target creatures you control.


Wild Wanderer
   When Wild Wanderer enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.


Wildest Dreams
   Return X target cards from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Wildest Dreams.


Wily Bandar
   |mana_2| |mana_g|: Wily Bandar gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say "destroy" don't destroy it.)


Cloudblazer
   Flying

   When Cloudblazer enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life and draw two cards.


Contraband Kingpin
   Lifelink

   Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control, scry 1.


Depala, Pilot Exemplar
   Other Dwarves you control get +1/+1.

   Each Vehicle you control gets +1/+1 as long as it's a creature.

   Whenever Depala, Pilot Exemplar becomes tapped, you may pay |mana_x|. If you do, reveal the top X cards of your library, put all Dwarf and Vehicle cards from among them into your hand, then put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.


Dovin Baan
   +1: Until your next turn, up to one target creature gets -3/-0 and its activated abilities can't be activated.

   −1: You gain 2 life and draw a card.

   −7: You get an emblem with "Your opponents can't untap more than two permanents during their untap steps."


Empyreal Voyager
   Flying, trample

   Whenever Empyreal Voyager deals combat damage to a player, you get that many {E} (energy counters).


Engineered Might
   Choose one —

   • Target creature gets +5/+5 and gains trample until end of turn.

   • Creatures you control get +2/+2 and gain vigilance until end of turn.


Hazardous Conditions
   Creatures with no counters on them get -2/-2 until end of turn.


Kambal, Consul of Allocation
   Whenever an opponent casts a noncreature spell, that player loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.


Rashmi, Eternities Crafter
   Whenever you cast your first spell each turn, reveal the top card of your library. If it's a nonland card with converted mana cost less than that spell's, you may cast it without paying its mana cost. If you don't cast the revealed card, put it into your hand.


Restoration Gearsmith
   When Restoration Gearsmith enters the battlefield, return target artifact or creature card from your graveyard to your hand.


Saheeli Rai
   +1: Scry 1. Saheeli Rai deals 1 damage to each opponent.

   −2: Create a token that's a copy of target artifact or creature you control, except it's an artifact in addition to its other types. That token gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the next end step.

   −7: Search your library for up to three artifact cards with different names, put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library.


Unlicensed Disintegration
   Destroy target creature. If you control an artifact, Unlicensed Disintegration deals 3 damage to that creature's controller.


Veteran Motorist
   When Veteran Motorist enters the battlefield, scry 2.

   Whenever Veteran Motorist crews a Vehicle, that Vehicle gets +1/+1 until end of turn.


Voltaic Brawler
   When Voltaic Brawler enters the battlefield, you get {E} {E} (two energy counters).

   Whenever Voltaic Brawler attacks, you may pay {E}. If you do, it gets +1/+1 and gains trample until end of turn.


Whirler Virtuoso
   When Whirler Virtuoso enters the battlefield, you get {E} {E} {E} (three energy counters).

   Pay {E} {E} {E}: Create a 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature token with flying.


Accomplished Automaton
   Fabricate 1 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on it or create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.)


Aetherflux Reservoir
   Whenever you cast a spell, you gain 1 life for each spell you've cast this turn.

   Pay 50 life: Aetherflux Reservoir deals 50 damage to any target.


Aetherworks Marvel
   Whenever a permanent you control is put into a graveyard, you get {E} (an energy counter).

   |tap|, Pay {E} {E} {E} {E} {E} {E}: Look at the top six cards of your library. You may cast a card from among them without paying its mana cost. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.


Animation Module
   Whenever one or more +1/+1 counters are put on a permanent you control, you may pay |mana_1|. If you do, create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.

   |mana_3|, |tap|: Choose a counter on target permanent or player. Give that permanent or player another counter of that kind.


Aradara Express
   Menace

   Crew 4 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 4 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)


Ballista Charger
   Whenever Ballista Charger attacks, it deals 1 damage to any target.

   Crew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)


Bastion Mastodon
   |mana_w|: Bastion Mastodon gains vigilance until end of turn.


Bomat Bazaar Barge
   When Bomat Bazaar Barge enters the battlefield, draw a card.

   Crew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)


Bomat Courier
   Haste

   Whenever Bomat Courier attacks, exile the top card of your library face down. (You can't look at it.)

   |mana_r|, Discard your hand, Sacrifice Bomat Courier: Put all cards exiled with Bomat Courier into their owners' hands.


Chief of the Foundry
   Other artifact creatures you control get +1/+1.


Cogworker's Puzzleknot
   When Cogworker's Puzzleknot enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.

   |mana_1| |mana_w|, Sacrifice Cogworker's Puzzleknot: Create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.


Consulate Skygate
   Defender

   Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)


Cultivator's Caravan
   |tap|: Add one mana of any color.

   Crew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)


Deadlock Trap
   Deadlock Trap enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Deadlock Trap enters the battlefield, you get {E} {E} (two energy counters).

   |tap|, Pay {E}: Tap target creature or planeswalker. Its activated abilities can't be activated this turn.


Decoction Module
   Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, you get {E} (an energy counter).

   |mana_4|, |tap|: Return target creature you control to its owner's hand.


Demolition Stomper
   Demolition Stomper can't be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.

   Crew 5 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 5 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)


Dukhara Peafowl
   |mana_u|: Dukhara Peafowl gains flying until end of turn.


Dynavolt Tower
   Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, you get {E} {E} (two energy counters).

   |tap|, Pay {E} {E} {E} {E} {E}: Dynavolt Tower deals 3 damage to any target.


Eager Construct
   When Eager Construct enters the battlefield, each player may scry 1. (To scry 1, look at the top card of your library, then you may put that card on the bottom of your library.)


Electrostatic Pummeler
   When Electrostatic Pummeler enters the battlefield, you get {E} {E} {E} (three energy counters).

   Pay {E} {E} {E}: Electrostatic Pummeler gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is its power.


Fabrication Module
   Whenever you get one or more {E} (energy counters), put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.

   |mana_4|, |tap|: You get {E}.


Filigree Familiar
   When Filigree Familiar enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life.

   When Filigree Familiar dies, draw a card.


Fireforger's Puzzleknot
   When Fireforger's Puzzleknot enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to any target.

   |mana_2| |mana_r|, Sacrifice Fireforger's Puzzleknot: It deals 1 damage to any target.


Fleetwheel Cruiser
   Trample, haste

   When Fleetwheel Cruiser enters the battlefield, it becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.

   Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)


Foundry Inspector
   Artifact spells you cast cost |mana_1| less to cast.


Ghirapur Orrery
   Each player may play an additional land on each of their turns.

   At the beginning of each player's upkeep, if that player has no cards in hand, that player draws three cards.


Glassblower's Puzzleknot
   When Glassblower's Puzzleknot enters the battlefield, scry 2, then you get {E} {E}. (You get two energy counters. To scry 2, look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom of your library and the rest on top in any order.)

   |mana_2| |mana_u|, Sacrifice Glassblower's Puzzleknot: Scry 2, then you get {E} {E}.


Inventor's Goggles
   Equipped creature gets +1/+2.

   Whenever an Artificer enters the battlefield under your control, you may attach Inventor's Goggles to it.

   Equip |mana_2| (|mana_2|: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)


Iron League Steed
   Haste

   Fabricate 1 (When this creature enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on it or create a 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature token.)


Key to the City
   |tap|, Discard a card: Up to one target creature can't be blocked this turn.

   Whenever Key to the City becomes untapped, you may pay |mana_2|. If you do, draw a card.


Metalspinner's Puzzleknot
   When Metalspinner's Puzzleknot enters the battlefield, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.

   |mana_2| |mana_b|, Sacrifice Metalspinner's Puzzleknot: You draw a card and you lose 1 life.


Metalwork Colossus
   This spell costs |mana_x| less to cast, where X is the total converted mana cost of noncreature artifacts you control.

   Sacrifice two artifacts: Return Metalwork Colossus from your graveyard to your hand.


Multiform Wonder
   When Multiform Wonder enters the battlefield, you get {E} {E} {E} (three energy counters).

   Pay {E}: Multiform Wonder gains your choice of flying, vigilance, or lifelink until end of turn.

   Pay {E}: Multiform Wonder gets +2/-2 or -2/+2 until end of turn.


Narnam Cobra
   |mana_g|: Narnam Cobra gains deathtouch until end of turn. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)


Ovalchase Dragster
   Trample, haste

   Crew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)


Panharmonicon
   If an artifact or creature entering the battlefield causes a triggered ability of a permanent you control to trigger, that ability triggers an additional time.


Perpetual Timepiece
   |tap|: Put the top two cards of your library into your graveyard.

   |mana_2|, Exile Perpetual Timepiece: Shuffle any number of target cards from your graveyard into your library.


Prakhata Pillar-Bug
   |mana_b|: Prakhata Pillar-Bug gains lifelink until end of turn. (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)


Prophetic Prism
   When Prophetic Prism enters the battlefield, draw a card.

   |mana_1|, |tap|: Add one mana of any color.


Renegade Freighter
   Whenever Renegade Freighter attacks, it gets +1/+1 and gains trample until end of turn.

   Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)


Scrapheap Scrounger
   Scrapheap Scrounger can't block.

   |mana_1| |mana_b|, Exile another creature card from your graveyard: Return Scrapheap Scrounger from your graveyard to the battlefield.


Self-Assembler
   When Self-Assembler enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an Assembly-Worker creature card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.


Sky Skiff
   Flying

   Crew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)


Skysovereign, Consul Flagship
   Flying

   Whenever Skysovereign, Consul Flagship enters the battlefield or attacks, it deals 3 damage to target creature or planeswalker an opponent controls.

   Crew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)


Smuggler's Copter
   Flying

   Whenever Smuggler's Copter attacks or blocks, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.

   Crew 1 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 1 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)


Snare Thopter
   Flying, haste


Torch Gauntlet
   Equipped creature gets +2/+0.

   Equip |mana_2| (|mana_2|: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)


Weldfast Monitor
   |mana_r|: Weldfast Monitor gains menace until end of turn.


Whirlermaker
   |mana_4|, |tap|: Create a 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature token with flying.


Woodweaver's Puzzleknot
   When Woodweaver's Puzzleknot enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life and get {E} {E} {E} (three energy counters).

   |mana_2| |mana_g|, Sacrifice Woodweaver's Puzzleknot: You gain 3 life and get {E} {E} {E}.


Workshop Assistant
   When Workshop Assistant dies, return another target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.


Aether Hub
   When Aether Hub enters the battlefield, you get {E} (an energy counter).

   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |tap|, Pay {E}: Add one mana of any color.


Blooming Marsh
   Blooming Marsh enters the battlefield tapped unless you control two or fewer other lands.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b| or |mana_g|.


Botanical Sanctum
   Botanical Sanctum enters the battlefield tapped unless you control two or fewer other lands.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g| or |mana_u|.


Concealed Courtyard
   Concealed Courtyard enters the battlefield tapped unless you control two or fewer other lands.

   |tap|: Add |mana_w| or |mana_b|.


Inspiring Vantage
   Inspiring Vantage enters the battlefield tapped unless you control two or fewer other lands.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r| or |mana_w|.


Inventors' Fair
   At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control three or more artifacts, you gain 1 life.

   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_4|, |tap|, Sacrifice Inventors' Fair: Search your library for an artifact card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library. Activate this ability only if you control three or more artifacts.


Sequestered Stash
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_4|, |tap|, Sacrifice Sequestered Stash: Put the top five cards of your library into your graveyard. Then you may put an artifact card from your graveyard on top of your library.


Spirebluff Canal
   Spirebluff Canal enters the battlefield tapped unless you control two or fewer other lands.

   |tap|: Add |mana_u| or |mana_r|.


Plains
   


Plains
   


Plains
   


Island
   


Island
   


Island
   


Swamp
   


Swamp
   


Swamp
   


Mountain
   


Mountain
   


Mountain
   


Forest
   


Forest
   


Forest
   


Chandra, Pyrogenius
   +2: Chandra, Pyrogenius deals 2 damage to each opponent.

   −3: Chandra, Pyrogenius deals 4 damage to target creature.

   −10: Chandra, Pyrogenius deals 6 damage to target player or planeswalker and each creature that player or that planeswalker's controller controls.


Flame Lash
   Flame Lash deals 4 damage to any target.


Liberating Combustion
   Liberating Combustion deals 6 damage to target creature. You may search your library and/or graveyard for a card named Chandra, Pyrogenius, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you search your library this way, shuffle it.


Renegade Firebrand
   As long as you control a Chandra planeswalker, Renegade Firebrand gets +1/+0 and has first strike. (It deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)


Stone Quarry
   Stone Quarry enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r| or |mana_w|.


Nissa, Nature's Artisan
   +3: You gain 3 life.

   −4: Reveal the top two cards of your library. Put all land cards from among them onto the battlefield and the rest into your hand.

   −12: Creatures you control get +5/+5 and gain trample until end of turn.


Guardian of the Great Conduit
   Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)

   As long as you control a Nissa planeswalker, Guardian of the Great Conduit gets +2/+0 and has vigilance. (Attacking doesn't cause it to tap.)


Terrain Elemental
   


Verdant Crescendo
   Search your library for a basic land card and put it onto the battlefield tapped. Search your library and graveyard for a card named Nissa, Nature's Artisan, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library.


Woodland Stream
   Woodland Stream enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g| or |mana_u|.

