.. Khans of Tarkir (autogenerated)
.. include:: symbols.rst
        
Khans of Tarkir
===============
        

Abzan Battle Priest
   Outlast |mana_w| (|mana_w|, |tap|: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. Outlast only as a sorcery.)

   Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has lifelink.


Abzan Falconer
   Outlast |mana_w| (|mana_w|, |tap|: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. Outlast only as a sorcery.)

   Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has flying.


Ainok Bond-Kin
   Outlast |mana_1|\ |mana_w| (|mana_1|\ |mana_w|, |tap|: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. Outlast only as a sorcery.)

   Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has first strike.


Alabaster Kirin
   Flying, vigilance


Brave the Sands
   Creatures you control have vigilance.

   Each creature you control can block an additional creature each combat.


Dazzling Ramparts
   Defender

   |mana_1|\ |mana_w|, |tap|: Tap target creature.


Defiant Strike
   Target creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.

   Draw a card.


End Hostilities
   Destroy all creatures and all permanents attached to creatures.


Erase
   Exile target enchantment.


Feat of Resistance
   Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. It gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn.


Firehoof Cavalry
   |mana_3|\ |mana_r|: Firehoof Cavalry gets +2/+0 and gains trample until end of turn.


Herald of Anafenza
   Outlast |mana_2|\ |mana_w| (|mana_2|\ |mana_w|, |tap|: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. Outlast only as a sorcery.)

   Whenever you activate Herald of Anafenza's outlast ability, create a 1/1 white Warrior creature token.


High Sentinels of Arashin
   Flying

   High Sentinels of Arashin gets +1/+1 for each other creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it.

   |mana_3|\ |mana_w|: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.


Jeskai Student
   Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)


Kill Shot
   Destroy target attacking creature.


Mardu Hateblade
   |mana_b|: Mardu Hateblade gains deathtouch until end of turn. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)


Mardu Hordechief
   Raid — When Mardu Hordechief enters the battlefield, if you attacked with a creature this turn, create a 1/1 white Warrior creature token.


Master of Pearls
   Morph |mana_3|\ |mana_w|\ |mana_w| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)

   When Master of Pearls is turned face up, creatures you control get +2/+2 until end of turn.


Rush of Battle
   Creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn. Warrior creatures you control gain lifelink until end of turn. (Damage dealt by those Warriors also causes their controller to gain that much life.)


Sage-Eye Harrier
   Flying

   Morph |mana_3|\ |mana_w| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)


Salt Road Patrol
   Outlast |mana_1|\ |mana_w| (|mana_1|\ |mana_w|, |tap|: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. Outlast only as a sorcery.)


Seeker of the Way
   Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)

   Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, Seeker of the Way gains lifelink until end of turn.


Siegecraft
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature gets +2/+4.


Smite the Monstrous
   Destroy target creature with power 4 or greater.


Suspension Field
   When Suspension Field enters the battlefield, you may exile target creature with toughness 3 or greater until Suspension Field leaves the battlefield. (That creature returns under its owner's control.)


Take Up Arms
   Create three 1/1 white Warrior creature tokens.


Timely Hordemate
   Raid — When Timely Hordemate enters the battlefield, if you attacked with a creature this turn, return target creature card with converted mana cost 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.


Venerable Lammasu
   Flying


War Behemoth
   Morph |mana_4|\ |mana_w| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)


Watcher of the Roost
   Flying

   Morph—Reveal a white card in your hand. (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)

   When Watcher of the Roost is turned face up, you gain 2 life.


Wingmate Roc
   Flying

   Raid — When Wingmate Roc enters the battlefield, if you attacked with a creature this turn, create a 3/4 white Bird creature token with flying.

   Whenever Wingmate Roc attacks, you gain 1 life for each attacking creature.


Blinding Spray
   Creatures your opponents control get -4/-0 until end of turn.

   Draw a card.


Cancel
   Counter target spell.


Clever Impersonator
   You may have Clever Impersonator enter the battlefield as a copy of any nonland permanent on the battlefield.


Crippling Chill
   Tap target creature. It doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.

   Draw a card.


Dig Through Time
   Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for |mana_1|.)

   Look at the top seven cards of your library. Put two of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.


Disdainful Stroke
   Counter target spell with converted mana cost 4 or greater.


Dragon's Eye Savants
   Morph—Reveal a blue card in your hand. (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)

   When Dragon's Eye Savants is turned face up, look at target opponent's hand.


Embodiment of Spring
   |mana_1|\ |mana_g|, |tap|, Sacrifice Embodiment of Spring: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.


Force Away
   Return target creature to its owner's hand.

   Ferocious — If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.


Glacial Stalker
   Morph |mana_4|\ |mana_u| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)


Icy Blast
   Tap X target creatures.

   Ferocious — If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, those creatures don't untap during their controllers' next untap steps.


Jeskai Elder
   Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)

   Whenever Jeskai Elder deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.


Jeskai Windscout
   Flying

   Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)


Kheru Spellsnatcher
   Morph |mana_4|\ |mana_u|\ |mana_u| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)

   When Kheru Spellsnatcher is turned face up, counter target spell. If that spell is countered this way, exile it instead of putting it into its owner's graveyard. You may cast that card without paying its mana cost for as long as it remains exiled.


Mistfire Weaver
   Flying

   Morph |mana_2|\ |mana_u| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)

   When Mistfire Weaver is turned face up, target creature you control gains hexproof until end of turn.


Monastery Flock
   Defender, flying

   Morph |mana_u| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)


Mystic of the Hidden Way
   Mystic of the Hidden Way can't be blocked.

   Morph |mana_2|\ |mana_u| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)


Pearl Lake Ancient
   Flash

   This spell can't be countered.

   Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)

   Return three lands you control to their owner's hand: Return Pearl Lake Ancient to its owner's hand.


Quiet Contemplation
   Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, you may pay |mana_1|. If you do, tap target creature an opponent controls and it doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.


Riverwheel Aerialists
   Flying

   Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)


Scaldkin
   Flying

   |mana_2|\ |mana_r|, Sacrifice Scaldkin: Scaldkin deals 2 damage to any target.


Scion of Glaciers
   |mana_u|: Scion of Glaciers gets +1/-1 until end of turn.


Set Adrift
   Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for |mana_1|.)

   Put target nonland permanent on top of its owner's library.


Singing Bell Strike
   Enchant creature

   When Singing Bell Strike enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature.

   Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step.

   Enchanted creature has "|mana_6|: Untap this creature."


Stubborn Denial
   Counter target noncreature spell unless its controller pays |mana_1|.

   Ferocious — If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, counter that spell instead.


Taigam's Scheming
   Look at the top five cards of your library. Put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest back on top of your library in any order.


Thousand Winds
   Flying

   Morph |mana_5|\ |mana_u|\ |mana_u| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)

   When Thousand Winds is turned face up, return all other tapped creatures to their owners' hands.


Treasure Cruise
   Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for |mana_1|.)

   Draw three cards.


Waterwhirl
   Return up to two target creatures to their owners' hands.


Weave Fate
   Draw two cards.


Wetland Sambar
   


Whirlwind Adept
   Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)

   Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)


Bellowing Saddlebrute
   Raid — When Bellowing Saddlebrute enters the battlefield, you lose 4 life unless you attacked with a creature this turn.


Bitter Revelation
   Look at the top four cards of your library. Put two of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard. You lose 2 life.


Bloodsoaked Champion
   Bloodsoaked Champion can't block.

   Raid — |mana_1|\ |mana_b|: Return Bloodsoaked Champion from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate this ability only if you attacked with a creature this turn.


Dead Drop
   Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for |mana_1|.)

   Target player sacrifices two creatures.


Debilitating Injury
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature gets -2/-2.


Despise
   Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a creature or planeswalker card from it. That player discards that card.


Disowned Ancestor
   Outlast |mana_1|\ |mana_b| (|mana_1|\ |mana_b|, |tap|: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. Outlast only as a sorcery.)


Dutiful Return
   Return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand.


Empty the Pits
   Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for |mana_1|.)

   Create X tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens.


Grim Haruspex
   Morph |mana_b| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)

   Whenever another nontoken creature you control dies, draw a card.


Gurmag Swiftwing
   Flying, first strike, haste


Kheru Bloodsucker
   Whenever a creature you control with toughness 4 or greater dies, each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.

   |mana_2|\ |mana_b|, Sacrifice another creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on Kheru Bloodsucker.


Kheru Dreadmaw
   Defender

   |mana_1|\ |mana_g|, Sacrifice another creature: You gain life equal to the sacrificed creature's toughness.


Krumar Bond-Kin
   Morph |mana_4|\ |mana_b| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)


Mardu Skullhunter
   Mardu Skullhunter enters the battlefield tapped.

   Raid — When Mardu Skullhunter enters the battlefield, if you attacked with a creature this turn, target opponent discards a card.


Mer-Ek Nightblade
   Outlast |mana_b| (|mana_b|, |tap|: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. Outlast only as a sorcery.)

   Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has deathtouch.


Molting Snakeskin
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature gets +2/+0 and has "|mana_2|\ |mana_b|: Regenerate this creature."


Murderous Cut
   Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for |mana_1|.)

   Destroy target creature.


Necropolis Fiend
   Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for |mana_1|.)

   Flying

   |mana_x|, |tap|, Exile X cards from your graveyard: Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn.


Raiders' Spoils
   Creatures you control get +1/+0.

   Whenever a Warrior you control deals combat damage to a player, you may pay 1 life. If you do, draw a card.


Rakshasa's Secret
   Target opponent discards two cards. Put the top two cards of your library into your graveyard.


Retribution of the Ancients
   |mana_b|, Remove X +1/+1 counters from among creatures you control: Target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn.


Rite of the Serpent
   Destroy target creature. If that creature had a +1/+1 counter on it, create a 1/1 green Snake creature token.


Rotting Mastodon
   


Ruthless Ripper
   Deathtouch

   Morph—Reveal a black card in your hand. (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)

   When Ruthless Ripper is turned face up, target player loses 2 life.


Shambling Attendants
   Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for |mana_1|.)

   Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)


Sidisi's Pet
   Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)

   Morph |mana_1|\ |mana_b| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)


Sultai Scavenger
   Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for |mana_1|.)

   Flying


Swarm of Bloodflies
   Flying

   Swarm of Bloodflies enters the battlefield with two +1/+1 counters on it.

   Whenever another creature dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Swarm of Bloodflies.


Throttle
   Target creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn.


Unyielding Krumar
   |mana_1|\ |mana_w|: Unyielding Krumar gains first strike until end of turn.


Act of Treason
   Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn. (It can attack and |tap| this turn.)


Ainok Tracker
   First strike

   Morph |mana_4|\ |mana_r| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)


Arc Lightning
   Arc Lightning deals 3 damage divided as you choose among one, two, or three targets.


Arrow Storm
   Arrow Storm deals 4 damage to any target.

   Raid — If you attacked with a creature this turn, instead Arrow Storm deals 5 damage to that permanent or player and the damage can't be prevented.


Ashcloud Phoenix
   Flying

   When Ashcloud Phoenix dies, return it to the battlefield face down under your control.

   Morph |mana_4|\ |mana_r|\ |mana_r| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)

   When Ashcloud Phoenix is turned face up, it deals 2 damage to each player.


Barrage of Boulders
   Barrage of Boulders deals 1 damage to each creature you don't control.

   Ferocious — If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, creatures can't block this turn.


Bloodfire Expert
   Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)


Bloodfire Mentor
   |mana_2|\ |mana_u|, |tap|: Draw a card, then discard a card.


Bring Low
   Bring Low deals 3 damage to target creature. If that creature has a +1/+1 counter on it, Bring Low deals 5 damage to it instead.


Burn Away
   Burn Away deals 6 damage to target creature. When that creature dies this turn, exile all cards from its controller's graveyard.


Canyon Lurkers
   Morph |mana_3|\ |mana_r| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)


Crater's Claws
   Crater's Claws deals X damage to any target.

   Ferocious — Crater's Claws deals X plus 2 damage to that permanent or player instead if you control a creature with power 4 or greater.


Dragon Grip
   Ferocious — If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, you may cast Dragon Grip as though it had flash. (You may cast it any time you could cast an instant.)

   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature gets +2/+0 and has first strike.


Dragon-Style Twins
   Double strike

   Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)


Goblinslide
   Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, you may pay |mana_1|. If you do, create a 1/1 red Goblin creature token with haste.


Horde Ambusher
   Whenever Horde Ambusher blocks, it deals 1 damage to you.

   Morph—Reveal a red card in your hand. (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)

   When Horde Ambusher is turned face up, target creature can't block this turn.


Hordeling Outburst
   Create three 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens.


Howl of the Horde
   When you cast your next instant or sorcery spell this turn, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.

   Raid — If you attacked with a creature this turn, when you cast your next instant or sorcery spell this turn, copy that spell an additional time. You may choose new targets for the copy.


Jeering Instigator
   Morph |mana_2|\ |mana_r| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)

   When Jeering Instigator is turned face up, if it's your turn, gain control of another target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn.


Leaping Master
   |mana_2|\ |mana_w|: Leaping Master gains flying until end of turn.


Mardu Blazebringer
   When Mardu Blazebringer attacks or blocks, sacrifice it at end of combat.


Mardu Heart-Piercer
   Raid — When Mardu Heart-Piercer enters the battlefield, if you attacked with a creature this turn, Mardu Heart-Piercer deals 2 damage to any target.


Mardu Warshrieker
   Raid — When Mardu Warshrieker enters the battlefield, if you attacked with a creature this turn, add |mana_r|\ |mana_w|\ |mana_b|.


Monastery Swiftspear
   Haste

   Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)


Sarkhan, the Dragonspeaker
   +1: Until end of turn, Sarkhan, the Dragonspeaker becomes a legendary 4/4 red Dragon creature with flying, indestructible, and haste. (He doesn't lose loyalty while he's not a planeswalker.)

   −3: Sarkhan, the Dragonspeaker deals 4 damage to target creature.

   −6: You get an emblem with "At the beginning of your draw step, draw two additional cards" and "At the beginning of your end step, discard your hand."


Shatter
   Destroy target artifact.


Summit Prowler
   


Swift Kick
   Target creature you control gets +1/+0 until end of turn. It fights target creature you don't control.


Tormenting Voice
   As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card.

   Draw two cards.


Trumpet Blast
   Attacking creatures get +2/+0 until end of turn.


Valley Dasher
   Haste

   Valley Dasher attacks each combat if able.


War-Name Aspirant
   Raid — War-Name Aspirant enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it if you attacked with a creature this turn.

   War-Name Aspirant can't be blocked by creatures with power 1 or less.


Alpine Grizzly
   


Archers' Parapet
   Defender

   |mana_1|\ |mana_b|, |tap|: Each opponent loses 1 life.


Awaken the Bear
   Target creature gets +3/+3 and gains trample until end of turn.


Become Immense
   Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for |mana_1|.)

   Target creature gets +6/+6 until end of turn.


Dragonscale Boon
   Put two +1/+1 counters on target creature and untap it.


Feed the Clan
   You gain 5 life.

   Ferocious — You gain 10 life instead if you control a creature with power 4 or greater.


Hardened Scales
   If one or more +1/+1 counters would be put on a creature you control, that many plus one +1/+1 counters are put on it instead.


Heir of the Wilds
   Deathtouch

   Ferocious — Whenever Heir of the Wilds attacks, if you control a creature with power 4 or greater, Heir of the Wilds gets +1/+1 until end of turn.


Highland Game
   When Highland Game dies, you gain 2 life.


Hooded Hydra
   Hooded Hydra enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.

   When Hooded Hydra dies, create a 1/1 green Snake creature token for each +1/+1 counter on it.

   Morph |mana_3|\ |mana_g|\ |mana_g|

   As Hooded Hydra is turned face up, put five +1/+1 counters on it.


Hooting Mandrills
   Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for |mana_1|.)

   Trample


Incremental Growth
   Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature, two +1/+1 counters on another target creature, and three +1/+1 counters on a third target creature.


Kin-Tree Warden
   |mana_2|: Regenerate Kin-Tree Warden.

   Morph |mana_g| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)


Longshot Squad
   Outlast |mana_1|\ |mana_g| (|mana_1|\ |mana_g|, |tap|: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. Outlast only as a sorcery.)

   Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has reach. (A creature with reach can block creatures with flying.)


Meandering Towershell
   Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)

   Whenever Meandering Towershell attacks, exile it. Return it to the battlefield under your control tapped and attacking at the beginning of the declare attackers step on your next turn.


Naturalize
   Destroy target artifact or enchantment.


Pine Walker
   Morph |mana_4|\ |mana_g| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)

   Whenever Pine Walker or another creature you control is turned face up, untap that creature.


Rattleclaw Mystic
   |tap|: Add |mana_g|, |mana_u|, or |mana_r|.

   Morph |mana_2| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)

   When Rattleclaw Mystic is turned face up, add |mana_g|\ |mana_u|\ |mana_r|.


Roar of Challenge
   All creatures able to block target creature this turn do so.

   Ferocious — That creature gains indestructible until end of turn if you control a creature with power 4 or greater.


Sagu Archer
   Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)

   Morph |mana_4|\ |mana_g| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)


Savage Punch
   Target creature you control fights target creature you don't control.

   Ferocious — The creature you control gets +2/+2 until end of turn before it fights if you control a creature with power 4 or greater.


Scout the Borders
   Reveal the top five cards of your library. You may put a creature or land card from among them into your hand. Put the rest into your graveyard.


See the Unwritten
   Reveal the top eight cards of your library. You may put a creature card from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest into your graveyard.

   Ferocious — If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, you may put two creature cards onto the battlefield instead of one.


Seek the Horizon
   Search your library for up to three basic land cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then shuffle your library.


Smoke Teller
   |mana_1|\ |mana_u|: Look at target face-down creature.


Sultai Flayer
   Whenever a creature you control with toughness 4 or greater dies, you gain 4 life.


Temur Charger
   Morph—Reveal a green card in your hand. (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)

   When Temur Charger is turned face up, target creature gains trample until end of turn.


Trail of Mystery
   Whenever a face-down creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.

   Whenever a permanent you control is turned face up, if it's a creature, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn.


Tusked Colossodon
   


Tuskguard Captain
   Outlast |mana_g| (|mana_g|, |tap|: Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. Outlast only as a sorcery.)

   Each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it has trample.


Windstorm
   Windstorm deals X damage to each creature with flying.


Woolly Loxodon
   Morph |mana_5|\ |mana_g| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)


Abomination of Gudul
   Flying

   Whenever Abomination of Gudul deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.

   Morph |mana_2|\ |mana_b|\ |mana_g|\ |mana_u| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)


Abzan Ascendancy
   When Abzan Ascendancy enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.

   Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.


Abzan Charm
   Choose one —

   • Exile target creature with power 3 or greater.

   • You draw two cards and you lose 2 life.

   • Distribute two +1/+1 counters among one or two target creatures.


Abzan Guide
   Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)

   Morph |mana_2|\ |mana_w|\ |mana_b|\ |mana_g| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)


Anafenza, the Foremost
   Whenever Anafenza, the Foremost attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on another target tapped creature you control.

   If a nontoken creature an opponent owns would die or a creature card not on the battlefield would be put into an opponent's graveyard, exile that card instead.


Ankle Shanker
   Haste

   Whenever Ankle Shanker attacks, creatures you control gain first strike and deathtouch until end of turn.


Armament Corps
   When Armament Corps enters the battlefield, distribute two +1/+1 counters among one or two target creatures you control.


Avalanche Tusker
   Whenever Avalanche Tusker attacks, target creature defending player controls blocks it this combat if able.


Bear's Companion
   When Bear's Companion enters the battlefield, create a 4/4 green Bear creature token.


Butcher of the Horde
   Flying

   Sacrifice another creature: Butcher of the Horde gains your choice of vigilance, lifelink, or haste until end of turn.


Chief of the Edge
   Other Warrior creatures you control get +1/+0.


Chief of the Scale
   Other Warrior creatures you control get +0/+1.


Crackling Doom
   Crackling Doom deals 2 damage to each opponent. Each opponent sacrifices a creature with the greatest power among creatures that player controls.


Death Frenzy
   All creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn. Whenever a creature dies this turn, you gain 1 life.


Deflecting Palm
   The next time a source of your choice would deal damage to you this turn, prevent that damage. If damage is prevented this way, Deflecting Palm deals that much damage to that source's controller.


Duneblast
   Choose up to one creature. Destroy the rest.


Efreet Weaponmaster
   First strike

   When Efreet Weaponmaster enters the battlefield or is turned face up, another target creature you control gets +3/+0 until end of turn.

   Morph |mana_2|\ |mana_u|\ |mana_r|\ |mana_w| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)


Flying Crane Technique
   Untap all creatures you control. They gain flying and double strike until end of turn.


Highspire Mantis
   Flying, trample


Icefeather Aven
   Flying

   Morph |mana_1|\ |mana_g|\ |mana_u| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)

   When Icefeather Aven is turned face up, you may return another target creature to its owner's hand.


Ivorytusk Fortress
   Untap each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it during each other player's untap step.


Jeskai Ascendancy
   Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. Untap those creatures.

   Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.


Jeskai Charm
   Choose one —

   • Put target creature on top of its owner's library.

   • Jeskai Charm deals 4 damage to target opponent or planeswalker.

   • Creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain lifelink until end of turn.


Kheru Lich Lord
   At the beginning of your upkeep, you may pay |mana_2|\ |mana_b|. If you do, return a creature card at random from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains flying, trample, and haste. Exile that card at the beginning of your next end step. If it would leave the battlefield, exile it instead of putting it anywhere else.


Kin-Tree Invocation
   Create an X/X black and green Spirit Warrior creature token, where X is the greatest toughness among creatures you control.


Mantis Rider
   Flying, vigilance, haste


Mardu Ascendancy
   Whenever a nontoken creature you control attacks, create a 1/1 red Goblin creature token that's tapped and attacking.

   Sacrifice Mardu Ascendancy: Creatures you control get +0/+3 until end of turn.


Mardu Charm
   Choose one —

   • Mardu Charm deals 4 damage to target creature.

   • Create two 1/1 white Warrior creature tokens. They gain first strike until end of turn.

   • Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a noncreature, nonland card from it. That player discards that card.


Mardu Roughrider
   Whenever Mardu Roughrider attacks, target creature can't block this turn.


Master the Way
   Draw a card. Master the Way deals damage to any target equal to the number of cards in your hand.


Mindswipe
   Counter target spell unless its controller pays |mana_x|. Mindswipe deals X damage to that spell's controller.


Narset, Enlightened Master
   First strike, hexproof

   Whenever Narset, Enlightened Master attacks, exile the top four cards of your library. Until end of turn, you may cast noncreature cards exiled with Narset this turn without paying their mana costs.


Ponyback Brigade
   When Ponyback Brigade enters the battlefield or is turned face up, create three 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens.

   Morph |mana_2|\ |mana_r|\ |mana_w|\ |mana_b| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)


Rakshasa Deathdealer
   |mana_b|\ |mana_g|: Rakshasa Deathdealer gets +2/+2 until end of turn.

   |mana_b|\ |mana_g|: Regenerate Rakshasa Deathdealer.


Rakshasa Vizier
   Whenever one or more cards are put into exile from your graveyard, put that many +1/+1 counters on Rakshasa Vizier.


Ride Down
   Destroy target blocking creature. Creatures that were blocked by that creature this combat gain trample until end of turn.


Sage of the Inward Eye
   Flying

   Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, creatures you control gain lifelink until end of turn.


Sagu Mauler
   Trample, hexproof

   Morph |mana_3|\ |mana_g|\ |mana_u| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)


Savage Knuckleblade
   |mana_2|\ |mana_g|: Savage Knuckleblade gets +2/+2 until end of turn. Activate this ability only once each turn.

   |mana_2|\ |mana_u|: Return Savage Knuckleblade to its owner's hand.

   |mana_r|: Savage Knuckleblade gains haste until end of turn.


Secret Plans
   Face-down creatures you control get +0/+1.

   Whenever a permanent you control is turned face up, draw a card.


Sidisi, Brood Tyrant
   Whenever Sidisi, Brood Tyrant enters the battlefield or attacks, put the top three cards of your library into your graveyard.

   Whenever one or more creature cards are put into your graveyard from your library, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.


Siege Rhino
   Trample

   When Siege Rhino enters the battlefield, each opponent loses 3 life and you gain 3 life.


Snowhorn Rider
   Trample

   Morph |mana_2|\ |mana_g|\ |mana_u|\ |mana_r| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)


Sorin, Solemn Visitor
   +1: Until your next turn, creatures you control get +1/+0 and gain lifelink.

   −2: Create a 2/2 black Vampire creature token with flying.

   −6: You get an emblem with "At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, that player sacrifices a creature."


Sultai Ascendancy
   At the beginning of your upkeep, look at the top two cards of your library. Put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest back on top of your library in any order.


Sultai Charm
   Choose one —

   • Destroy target monocolored creature.

   • Destroy target artifact or enchantment.

   • Draw two cards, then discard a card.


Sultai Soothsayer
   When Sultai Soothsayer enters the battlefield, look at the top four cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.


Surrak Dragonclaw
   Flash

   This spell can't be countered.

   Creature spells you control can't be countered.

   Other creatures you control have trample.


Temur Ascendancy
   Creatures you control have haste.

   Whenever a creature with power 4 or greater enters the battlefield under your control, you may draw a card.


Temur Charm
   Choose one —

   • Target creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn. It fights target creature you don't control.

   • Counter target spell unless its controller pays |mana_3|.

   • Creatures with power 3 or less can't block this turn.


Trap Essence
   Counter target creature spell. Put two +1/+1 counters on up to one target creature.


Utter End
   Exile target nonland permanent.


Villainous Wealth
   Target opponent exiles the top X cards of their library. You may cast any number of nonland cards with converted mana cost X or less from among them without paying their mana costs.


Warden of the Eye
   When Warden of the Eye enters the battlefield, return target noncreature, nonland card from your graveyard to your hand.


Winterflame
   Choose one or both —

   • Tap target creature.

   • Winterflame deals 2 damage to target creature.


Zurgo Helmsmasher
   Haste

   Zurgo Helmsmasher attacks each combat if able.

   Zurgo Helmsmasher has indestructible as long as it's your turn.

   Whenever a creature dealt damage by Zurgo Helmsmasher this turn dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Zurgo Helmsmasher.


Abzan Banner
   |tap|: Add |mana_w|, |mana_b|, or |mana_g|.

   |mana_w|\ |mana_b|\ |mana_g|, |tap|, Sacrifice Abzan Banner: Draw a card.


Altar of the Brood
   Whenever another permanent enters the battlefield under your control, each opponent puts the top card of their library into their graveyard.


Briber's Purse
   Briber's Purse enters the battlefield with X gem counters on it.

   |mana_1|, |tap|, Remove a gem counter from Briber's Purse: Target creature can't attack or block this turn.


Cranial Archive
   |mana_2|, Exile Cranial Archive: Target player shuffles their graveyard into their library. Draw a card.


Dragon Throne of Tarkir
   Equipped creature has defender and "|mana_2|, |tap|: Other creatures you control gain trample and get +X/+X until end of turn, where X is this creature's power."

   Equip |mana_3|


Ghostfire Blade
   Equipped creature gets +2/+2.

   Equip |mana_3|

   Ghostfire Blade's equip ability costs |mana_2| less to activate if it targets a colorless creature.


Heart-Piercer Bow
   Whenever equipped creature attacks, Heart-Piercer Bow deals 1 damage to target creature defending player controls.

   Equip |mana_1|


Jeskai Banner
   |tap|: Add |mana_u|, |mana_r|, or |mana_w|.

   |mana_u|\ |mana_r|\ |mana_w|, |tap|, Sacrifice Jeskai Banner: Draw a card.


Lens of Clarity
   You may look at the top card of your library and at face-down creatures you don't control. (You may do this at any time.)


Mardu Banner
   |tap|: Add |mana_r|, |mana_w|, or |mana_b|.

   |mana_r|\ |mana_w|\ |mana_b|, |tap|, Sacrifice Mardu Banner: Draw a card.


Sultai Banner
   |tap|: Add |mana_b|, |mana_g|, or |mana_u|.

   |mana_b|\ |mana_g|\ |mana_u|, |tap|, Sacrifice Sultai Banner: Draw a card.


Temur Banner
   |tap|: Add |mana_g|, |mana_u|, or |mana_r|.

   |mana_g|\ |mana_u|\ |mana_r|, |tap|, Sacrifice Temur Banner: Draw a card.


Ugin's Nexus
   If a player would begin an extra turn, that player skips that turn instead.

   If Ugin's Nexus would be put into a graveyard from the battlefield, instead exile it and take an extra turn after this one.


Witness of the Ages
   Morph |mana_5| (You may cast this card face down as a 2/2 creature for |mana_3|. Turn it face up any time for its morph cost.)


Bloodfell Caves
   Bloodfell Caves enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Bloodfell Caves enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b| or |mana_r|.


Bloodstained Mire
   |tap|, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Bloodstained Mire: Search your library for a Swamp or Mountain card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library.


Blossoming Sands
   Blossoming Sands enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Blossoming Sands enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g| or |mana_w|.


Dismal Backwater
   Dismal Backwater enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Dismal Backwater enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.

   |tap|: Add |mana_u| or |mana_b|.


Flooded Strand
   |tap|, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Flooded Strand: Search your library for a Plains or Island card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library.


Frontier Bivouac
   Frontier Bivouac enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g|, |mana_u|, or |mana_r|.


Jungle Hollow
   Jungle Hollow enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Jungle Hollow enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b| or |mana_g|.


Mystic Monastery
   Mystic Monastery enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_u|, |mana_r|, or |mana_w|.


Nomad Outpost
   Nomad Outpost enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r|, |mana_w|, or |mana_b|.


Opulent Palace
   Opulent Palace enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b|, |mana_g|, or |mana_u|.


Polluted Delta
   |tap|, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Polluted Delta: Search your library for an Island or Swamp card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library.


Rugged Highlands
   Rugged Highlands enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Rugged Highlands enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r| or |mana_g|.


Sandsteppe Citadel
   Sandsteppe Citadel enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_w|, |mana_b|, or |mana_g|.


Scoured Barrens
   Scoured Barrens enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Scoured Barrens enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.

   |tap|: Add |mana_w| or |mana_b|.


Swiftwater Cliffs
   Swiftwater Cliffs enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Swiftwater Cliffs enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.

   |tap|: Add |mana_u| or |mana_r|.


Thornwood Falls
   Thornwood Falls enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Thornwood Falls enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g| or |mana_u|.


Tomb of the Spirit Dragon
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_2|, |tap|: You gain 1 life for each colorless creature you control.


Tranquil Cove
   Tranquil Cove enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Tranquil Cove enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.

   |tap|: Add |mana_w| or |mana_u|.


Wind-Scarred Crag
   Wind-Scarred Crag enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Wind-Scarred Crag enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r| or |mana_w|.


Windswept Heath
   |tap|, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Windswept Heath: Search your library for a Forest or Plains card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library.


Wooded Foothills
   |tap|, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice Wooded Foothills: Search your library for a Mountain or Forest card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library.


Plains
   


Plains
   


Plains
   


Plains
   


Island
   


Island
   


Island
   


Island
   


Swamp
   


Swamp
   


Swamp
   


Swamp
   


Mountain
   


Mountain
   


Mountain
   


Mountain
   


Forest
   


Forest
   


Forest
   


Forest
   

