.. Magic 2015 (autogenerated)
.. include:: symbols.rst
        
:mtgexp:`M15` Magic 2015
========================
        

:mtgtip:`Ajani Steadfast`
   +1: Until end of turn, up to one target creature gets +1/+1 and gains first strike, vigilance, and lifelink.

   −2: Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control and a loyalty counter on each other planeswalker you control.

   −7: You get an emblem with "If a source would deal damage to you or a planeswalker you control, prevent all but 1 of that damage."


:mtgtip:`Ajani's Pridemate`
   Whenever you gain life, you may put a +1/+1 counter on Ajani's Pridemate.


:mtgtip:`Avacyn, Guardian Angel`
   Flying, vigilance

   |mana_1|\ |mana_w|: Prevent all damage that would be dealt to another target creature this turn by sources of the color of your choice.

   |mana_5|\ |mana_w|\ |mana_w|: Prevent all damage that would be dealt to target player or planeswalker this turn by sources of the color of your choice.


:mtgtip:`Battle Mastery`
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature has double strike. (It deals both first-strike and regular combat damage.)


:mtgtip:`Boonweaver Giant`
   When Boonweaver Giant enters the battlefield, you may search your graveyard, hand, and/or library for an Aura card and put it onto the battlefield attached to Boonweaver Giant. If you search your library this way, shuffle it.


:mtgtip:`Congregate`
   Target player gains 2 life for each creature on the battlefield.


:mtgtip:`Constricting Sliver`
   Sliver creatures you control have "When this creature enters the battlefield, you may exile target creature an opponent controls until this creature leaves the battlefield."


:mtgtip:`Dauntless River Marshal`
   Dauntless River Marshal gets +1/+1 as long as you control an Island.

   |mana_3|\ |mana_u|: Tap target creature.


:mtgtip:`Devouring Light`
   Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for |mana_1| or one mana of that creature's color.)

   Exile target attacking or blocking creature.


:mtgtip:`Divine Favor`
   Enchant creature

   When Divine Favor enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life.

   Enchanted creature gets +1/+3.


:mtgtip:`Ephemeral Shields`
   Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for |mana_1| or one mana of that creature's color.)

   Target creature gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say "destroy" don't destroy it.)


:mtgtip:`First Response`
   At the beginning of each upkeep, if you lost life last turn, create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token.


:mtgtip:`Geist of the Moors`
   Flying


:mtgtip:`Heliod's Pilgrim`
   When Heliod's Pilgrim enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an Aura card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.


:mtgtip:`Hushwing Gryff`
   Flash

   Flying

   Creatures entering the battlefield don't cause abilities to trigger.


:mtgtip:`Kinsbaile Skirmisher`
   When Kinsbaile Skirmisher enters the battlefield, target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.


:mtgtip:`Marked by Honor`
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has vigilance. (Attacking doesn't cause it to tap.)


:mtgtip:`Mass Calcify`
   Destroy all nonwhite creatures.


:mtgtip:`Meditation Puzzle`
   Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for |mana_1| or one mana of that creature's color.)

   You gain 8 life.


:mtgtip:`Midnight Guard`
   Whenever another creature enters the battlefield, untap Midnight Guard.


:mtgtip:`Oppressive Rays`
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature can't attack or block unless its controller pays |mana_3|.

   Activated abilities of enchanted creature cost |mana_3| more to activate.


:mtgtip:`Oreskos Swiftclaw`
   


:mtgtip:`Paragon of New Dawns`
   Other white creatures you control get +1/+1.

   |mana_w|, |tap|: Another target white creature you control gains vigilance until end of turn. (Attacking doesn't cause it to tap.)


:mtgtip:`Pillar of Light`
   Exile target creature with toughness 4 or greater.


:mtgtip:`Preeminent Captain`
   First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)

   Whenever Preeminent Captain attacks, you may put a Soldier creature card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped and attacking.


:mtgtip:`Raise the Alarm`
   Create two 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens.


:mtgtip:`Razorfoot Griffin`
   Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)

   First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)


:mtgtip:`Resolute Archangel`
   Flying

   When Resolute Archangel enters the battlefield, if your life total is less than your starting life total, it becomes equal to your starting life total.


:mtgtip:`Return to the Ranks`
   Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for |mana_1| or one mana of that creature's color.)

   Return X target creature cards with converted mana cost 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.


:mtgtip:`Sanctified Charge`
   Creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn. White creatures you control also gain first strike until end of turn. (They deal combat damage before creatures without first strike.)


:mtgtip:`Selfless Cathar`
   |mana_1|\ |mana_w|, Sacrifice Selfless Cathar: Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.


:mtgtip:`Seraph of the Masses`
   Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for |mana_1| or one mana of that creature's color.)

   Flying

   Seraph of the Masses's power and toughness are each equal to the number of creatures you control.


:mtgtip:`Solemn Offering`
   Destroy target artifact or enchantment. You gain 4 life.


:mtgtip:`Soul of Theros`
   Vigilance

   |mana_4|\ |mana_w|\ |mana_w|: Creatures you control get +2/+2 and gain first strike and lifelink until end of turn.

   |mana_4|\ |mana_w|\ |mana_w|, Exile Soul of Theros from your graveyard: Creatures you control get +2/+2 and gain first strike and lifelink until end of turn.


:mtgtip:`Soulmender`
   |tap|: You gain 1 life.


:mtgtip:`Spectra Ward`
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has protection from all colors. This effect doesn't remove Auras. (It can't be blocked, targeted, or dealt damage by anything that's white, blue, black, red, or green.)


:mtgtip:`Spirit Bonds`
   Whenever a nontoken creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay |mana_w|. If you do, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.

   |mana_1|\ |mana_w|, Sacrifice a Spirit: Target non-Spirit creature gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say "destroy" don't destroy it.)


:mtgtip:`Sungrace Pegasus`
   Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)

   Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)


:mtgtip:`Tireless Missionaries`
   When Tireless Missionaries enters the battlefield, you gain 3 life.


:mtgtip:`Triplicate Spirits`
   Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for |mana_1| or one mana of that creature's color.)

   Create three 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying. (They can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)


:mtgtip:`Wall of Essence`
   Defender (This creature can't attack.)

   Whenever Wall of Essence is dealt combat damage, you gain that much life.


:mtgtip:`Warden of the Beyond`
   Vigilance (Attacking doesn't cause this creature to tap.)

   Warden of the Beyond gets +2/+2 as long as an opponent owns a card in exile.


:mtgtip:`Aeronaut Tinkerer`
   Aeronaut Tinkerer has flying as long as you control an artifact. (It can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)


:mtgtip:`Aetherspouts`
   For each attacking creature, its owner puts it on the top or bottom of their library.


:mtgtip:`Amphin Pathmage`
   |mana_2|\ |mana_u|: Target creature can't be blocked this turn.


:mtgtip:`Chasm Skulker`
   Whenever you draw a card, put a +1/+1 counter on Chasm Skulker.

   When Chasm Skulker dies, create X 1/1 blue Squid creature tokens with islandwalk, where X is the number of +1/+1 counters on Chasm Skulker. (They can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)


:mtgtip:`Chief Engineer`
   Artifact spells you cast have convoke. (Your creatures can help cast those spells. Each creature you tap while casting an artifact spell pays for |mana_1| or one mana of that creature's color.)


:mtgtip:`Chronostutter`
   Put target creature into its owner's library second from the top.


:mtgtip:`Coral Barrier`
   Defender (This creature can't attack.)

   When Coral Barrier enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 blue Squid creature token with islandwalk. (It can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)


:mtgtip:`Diffusion Sliver`
   Whenever a Sliver creature you control becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter that spell or ability unless its controller pays |mana_2|.


:mtgtip:`Dissipate`
   Counter target spell. If that spell is countered this way, exile it instead of putting it into its owner's graveyard.


:mtgtip:`Divination`
   Draw two cards.


:mtgtip:`Encrust`
   Enchant artifact or creature

   Enchanted permanent doesn't untap during its controller's untap step and its activated abilities can't be activated.


:mtgtip:`Ensoul Artifact`
   Enchant artifact

   Enchanted artifact is a creature with base power and toughness 5/5 in addition to its other types.


:mtgtip:`Frost Lynx`
   When Frost Lynx enters the battlefield, tap target creature an opponent controls. That creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.


:mtgtip:`Fugitive Wizard`
   


:mtgtip:`Glacial Crasher`
   Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)

   Glacial Crasher can't attack unless there is a Mountain on the battlefield.


:mtgtip:`Hydrosurge`
   Target creature gets -5/-0 until end of turn.


:mtgtip:`Illusory Angel`
   Cast this spell only if you've cast another spell this turn.

   Flying


:mtgtip:`Into the Void`
   Return up to two target creatures to their owners' hands.


:mtgtip:`Invisibility`
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature can't be blocked except by Walls.


:mtgtip:`Jace, the Living Guildpact`
   +1: Look at the top two cards of your library. Put one of them into your graveyard.

   −3: Return another target nonland permanent to its owner's hand.

   −8: Each player shuffles their hand and graveyard into their library. You draw seven cards.


:mtgtip:`Jace's Ingenuity`
   Draw three cards.


:mtgtip:`Jalira, Master Polymorphist`
   |mana_2|\ |mana_u|, |tap|, Sacrifice another creature: Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a nonlegendary creature card. Put that card onto the battlefield and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.


:mtgtip:`Jorubai Murk Lurker`
   Jorubai Murk Lurker gets +1/+1 as long as you control a Swamp.

   |mana_1|\ |mana_b|: Target creature gains lifelink until end of turn. (Damage dealt by the creature also causes its controller to gain that much life.)


:mtgtip:`Kapsho Kitefins`
   Flying

   Whenever Kapsho Kitefins or another creature enters the battlefield under your control, tap target creature an opponent controls.


:mtgtip:`Master of Predicaments`
   Flying

   Whenever Master of Predicaments deals combat damage to a player, choose a card in your hand. That player guesses whether the card's converted mana cost is greater than 4. If the player guessed wrong, you may cast the card without paying its mana cost.


:mtgtip:`Mercurial Pretender`
   You may have Mercurial Pretender enter the battlefield as a copy of any creature you control, except it has "|mana_2|\ |mana_u|\ |mana_u|: Return this creature to its owner's hand."


:mtgtip:`Military Intelligence`
   Whenever you attack with two or more creatures, draw a card.


:mtgtip:`Mind Sculpt`
   Target opponent puts the top seven cards of their library into their graveyard.


:mtgtip:`Negate`
   Counter target noncreature spell.


:mtgtip:`Nimbus of the Isles`
   Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)


:mtgtip:`Paragon of Gathering Mists`
   Other blue creatures you control get +1/+1.

   |mana_u|, |tap|: Another target blue creature you control gains flying until end of turn.


:mtgtip:`Peel from Reality`
   Return target creature you control and target creature you don't control to their owners' hands.


:mtgtip:`Polymorphist's Jest`
   Until end of turn, each creature target player controls loses all abilities and becomes a blue Frog with base power and toughness 1/1.


:mtgtip:`Quickling`
   Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)

   Flying

   When Quickling enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you return another creature you control to its owner's hand.


:mtgtip:`Research Assistant`
   |mana_3|\ |mana_u|, |tap|: Draw a card, then discard a card.


:mtgtip:`Soul of Ravnica`
   Flying

   |mana_5|\ |mana_u|\ |mana_u|: Draw a card for each color among permanents you control.

   |mana_5|\ |mana_u|\ |mana_u|, Exile Soul of Ravnica from your graveyard: Draw a card for each color among permanents you control.


:mtgtip:`Statute of Denial`
   Counter target spell. If you control a blue creature, draw a card, then discard a card.


:mtgtip:`Stormtide Leviathan`
   Islandwalk (This creature can't be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)

   All lands are Islands in addition to their other types.

   Creatures without flying or islandwalk can't attack.


:mtgtip:`Turn to Frog`
   Until end of turn, target creature loses all abilities and becomes a blue Frog with base power and toughness 1/1.


:mtgtip:`Void Snare`
   Return target nonland permanent to its owner's hand.


:mtgtip:`Wall of Frost`
   Defender

   Whenever Wall of Frost blocks a creature, that creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.


:mtgtip:`Welkin Tern`
   Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)

   Welkin Tern can block only creatures with flying.


:mtgtip:`Accursed Spirit`
   Intimidate (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)


:mtgtip:`Black Cat`
   When Black Cat dies, target opponent discards a card at random.


:mtgtip:`Blood Host`
   |mana_1|\ |mana_b|, Sacrifice another creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on Blood Host and you gain 2 life.


:mtgtip:`Carrion Crow`
   Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)

   Carrion Crow enters the battlefield tapped.


:mtgtip:`Caustic Tar`
   Enchant land

   Enchanted land has "|tap|: Target player loses 3 life."


:mtgtip:`Child of Night`
   Lifelink


:mtgtip:`Covenant of Blood`
   Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for |mana_1| or one mana of that creature's color.)

   Covenant of Blood deals 4 damage to any target and you gain 4 life.


:mtgtip:`Crippling Blight`
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature gets -1/-1 and can't block.


:mtgtip:`Cruel Sadist`
   |mana_b|, |tap|, Pay 1 life: Put a +1/+1 counter on Cruel Sadist.

   |mana_2|\ |mana_b|, |tap|, Remove X +1/+1 counters from Cruel Sadist: Cruel Sadist deals X damage to target creature.


:mtgtip:`Endless Obedience`
   Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for |mana_1| or one mana of that creature's color.)

   Put target creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control.


:mtgtip:`Eternal Thirst`
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature has lifelink and "Whenever a creature an opponent controls dies, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature." (Damage dealt by a creature with lifelink also causes its controller to gain that much life.)


:mtgtip:`Feast on the Fallen`
   At the beginning of each upkeep, if an opponent lost life last turn, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.


:mtgtip:`Festergloom`
   Nonblack creatures get -1/-1 until end of turn.


:mtgtip:`Flesh to Dust`
   Destroy target creature. It can't be regenerated.


:mtgtip:`Gravedigger`
   When Gravedigger enters the battlefield, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.


:mtgtip:`In Garruk's Wake`
   Destroy all creatures you don't control and all planeswalkers you don't control.


:mtgtip:`Indulgent Tormentor`
   Flying

   At the beginning of your upkeep, draw a card unless target opponent sacrifices a creature or pays 3 life.


:mtgtip:`Leeching Sliver`
   Whenever a Sliver you control attacks, defending player loses 1 life.


:mtgtip:`Liliana Vess`
   +1: Target player discards a card.

   −2: Search your library for a card, then shuffle your library and put that card on top of it.

   −8: Put all creature cards from all graveyards onto the battlefield under your control.


:mtgtip:`Mind Rot`
   Target player discards two cards.


:mtgtip:`Necrobite`
   Target creature gains deathtouch until end of turn. Regenerate it. (The next time that creature would be destroyed this turn, it isn't. Instead tap it, remove all damage from it, and remove it from combat. Any amount of damage a creature with deathtouch deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)


:mtgtip:`Necrogen Scudder`
   Flying

   When Necrogen Scudder enters the battlefield, you lose 3 life.


:mtgtip:`Necromancer's Assistant`
   When Necromancer's Assistant enters the battlefield, put the top three cards of your library into your graveyard.


:mtgtip:`Necromancer's Stockpile`
   |mana_1|\ |mana_b|, Discard a creature card: Draw a card. If the discarded card was a Zombie card, create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token.


:mtgtip:`Nightfire Giant`
   Nightfire Giant gets +1/+1 as long as you control a Mountain.

   |mana_4|\ |mana_r|: Nightfire Giant deals 2 damage to any target.


:mtgtip:`Ob Nixilis, Unshackled`
   Flying, trample

   Whenever an opponent searches their library, that player sacrifices a creature and loses 10 life.

   Whenever another creature dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Ob Nixilis, Unshackled.


:mtgtip:`Paragon of Open Graves`
   Other black creatures you control get +1/+1.

   |mana_2|\ |mana_b|, |tap|: Another target black creature you control gains deathtouch until end of turn. (Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)


:mtgtip:`Rotfeaster Maggot`
   When Rotfeaster Maggot enters the battlefield, exile target creature card from a graveyard. You gain life equal to that card's toughness.


:mtgtip:`Shadowcloak Vampire`
   Pay 2 life: Shadowcloak Vampire gains flying until end of turn. (It can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)


:mtgtip:`Sign in Blood`
   Target player draws two cards and loses 2 life.


:mtgtip:`Soul of Innistrad`
   Deathtouch

   |mana_3|\ |mana_b|\ |mana_b|: Return up to three target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand.

   |mana_3|\ |mana_b|\ |mana_b|, Exile Soul of Innistrad from your graveyard: Return up to three target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand.


:mtgtip:`Stab Wound`
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature gets -2/-2.

   At the beginning of the upkeep of enchanted creature's controller, that player loses 2 life.


:mtgtip:`Stain the Mind`
   Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for |mana_1| or one mana of that creature's color.)

   Choose a nonland card name. Search target player's graveyard, hand, and library for any number of cards with that name and exile them. Then that player shuffles their library.


:mtgtip:`Typhoid Rats`
   Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)


:mtgtip:`Ulcerate`
   Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn. You lose 3 life.


:mtgtip:`Unmake the Graves`
   Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for |mana_1| or one mana of that creature's color.)

   Return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand.


:mtgtip:`Wall of Limbs`
   Defender (This creature can't attack.)

   Whenever you gain life, put a +1/+1 counter on Wall of Limbs.

   |mana_5|\ |mana_b|\ |mana_b|, Sacrifice Wall of Limbs: Target player loses X life, where X is Wall of Limbs's power.


:mtgtip:`Waste Not`
   Whenever an opponent discards a creature card, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.

   Whenever an opponent discards a land card, add |mana_b|\ |mana_b|.

   Whenever an opponent discards a noncreature, nonland card, draw a card.


:mtgtip:`Witch's Familiar`
   


:mtgtip:`Xathrid Slyblade`
   Hexproof (This creature can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)

   |mana_3|\ |mana_b|: Until end of turn, Xathrid Slyblade loses hexproof and gains first strike and deathtouch. (It deals combat damage before creatures without first strike. Any amount of damage it deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)


:mtgtip:`Zof Shade`
   |mana_2|\ |mana_b|: Zof Shade gets +2/+2 until end of turn.


:mtgtip:`Act on Impulse`
   Exile the top three cards of your library. Until end of turn, you may play cards exiled this way. (If you cast a spell this way, you still pay its costs. You can play a land this way only if you have an available land play remaining.)


:mtgtip:`Aggressive Mining`
   You can't play lands.

   Sacrifice a land: Draw two cards. Activate this ability only once each turn.


:mtgtip:`Altac Bloodseeker`
   Whenever a creature an opponent controls dies, Altac Bloodseeker gets +2/+0 and gains first strike and haste until end of turn. (It deals combat damage before creatures without first strike, and it can attack and |tap| as soon as it comes under your control.)


:mtgtip:`Belligerent Sliver`
   Sliver creatures you control have menace. (They can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)


:mtgtip:`Blastfire Bolt`
   Blastfire Bolt deals 5 damage to target creature. Destroy all Equipment attached to that creature.


:mtgtip:`Borderland Marauder`
   Whenever Borderland Marauder attacks, it gets +2/+0 until end of turn.


:mtgtip:`Brood Keeper`
   Whenever an Aura becomes attached to Brood Keeper, create a 2/2 red Dragon creature token with flying. It has "|mana_r|: This creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn."


:mtgtip:`Burning Anger`
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature has "|tap|: This creature deals damage equal to its power to any target."


:mtgtip:`Chandra, Pyromaster`
   +1: Chandra, Pyromaster deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker and 1 damage to up to one target creature that player or that planeswalker's controller controls. That creature can't block this turn.

   0: Exile the top card of your library. You may play it this turn.

   −7: Exile the top ten cards of your library. Choose an instant or sorcery card exiled this way and copy it three times. You may cast the copies without paying their mana costs.


:mtgtip:`Circle of Flame`
   Whenever a creature without flying attacks you or a planeswalker you control, Circle of Flame deals 1 damage to that creature.


:mtgtip:`Clear a Path`
   Destroy target creature with defender.


:mtgtip:`Cone of Flame`
   Cone of Flame deals 1 damage to any target, 2 damage to another target, and 3 damage to a third target.


:mtgtip:`Crowd's Favor`
   Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for |mana_1| or one mana of that creature's color.)

   Target creature gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn. (It deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)


:mtgtip:`Crucible of Fire`
   Dragon creatures you control get +3/+3.


:mtgtip:`Forge Devil`
   When Forge Devil enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to target creature and 1 damage to you.


:mtgtip:`Foundry Street Denizen`
   Whenever another red creature enters the battlefield under your control, Foundry Street Denizen gets +1/+0 until end of turn.


:mtgtip:`Frenzied Goblin`
   Whenever Frenzied Goblin attacks, you may pay |mana_r|. If you do, target creature can't block this turn.


:mtgtip:`Generator Servant`
   |tap|, Sacrifice Generator Servant: Add |colorless|\ |colorless|. If that mana is spent on a creature spell, it gains haste until end of turn. (That creature can attack and |tap| as soon as it comes under your control.)


:mtgtip:`Goblin Kaboomist`
   At the beginning of your upkeep, create a colorless artifact token named Land Mine with "|mana_r|, Sacrifice this artifact: This artifact deals 2 damage to target attacking creature without flying." Then flip a coin. If you lose the flip, Goblin Kaboomist deals 2 damage to itself.


:mtgtip:`Goblin Rabblemaster`
   Other Goblin creatures you control attack each combat if able.

   At the beginning of combat on your turn, create a 1/1 red Goblin creature token with haste.

   Whenever Goblin Rabblemaster attacks, it gets +1/+0 until end of turn for each other attacking Goblin.


:mtgtip:`Goblin Roughrider`
   


:mtgtip:`Hammerhand`
   Enchant creature

   When Hammerhand enters the battlefield, target creature can't block this turn.

   Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has haste. (It can attack and |tap| no matter when it came under your control.)


:mtgtip:`Heat Ray`
   Heat Ray deals X damage to target creature.


:mtgtip:`Hoarding Dragon`
   Flying

   When Hoarding Dragon enters the battlefield, you may search your library for an artifact card, exile it, then shuffle your library.

   When Hoarding Dragon dies, you may put the exiled card into its owner's hand.


:mtgtip:`Inferno Fist`
   Enchant creature you control

   Enchanted creature gets +2/+0.

   |mana_r|, Sacrifice Inferno Fist: Inferno Fist deals 2 damage to any target.


:mtgtip:`Kird Chieftain`
   Kird Chieftain gets +1/+1 as long as you control a Forest.

   |mana_4|\ |mana_g|: Target creature gets +2/+2 and gains trample until end of turn. (It can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)


:mtgtip:`Krenko's Enforcer`
   Intimidate (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)


:mtgtip:`Kurkesh, Onakke Ancient`
   Whenever you activate an ability of an artifact, if it isn't a mana ability, you may pay |mana_r|. If you do, copy that ability. You may choose new targets for the copy.


:mtgtip:`Lava Axe`
   Lava Axe deals 5 damage to target player or planeswalker.


:mtgtip:`Lightning Strike`
   Lightning Strike deals 3 damage to any target.


:mtgtip:`Might Makes Right`
   At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you control each creature on the battlefield with the greatest power, gain control of target creature an opponent controls until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn. (It can attack and |tap| this turn.)


:mtgtip:`Miner's Bane`
   |mana_2|\ |mana_r|: Miner's Bane gets +1/+0 and gains trample until end of turn. (It can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)


:mtgtip:`Paragon of Fierce Defiance`
   Other red creatures you control get +1/+1.

   |mana_r|, |tap|: Another target red creature you control gains haste until end of turn. (It can attack and |tap| this turn.)


:mtgtip:`Rummaging Goblin`
   |tap|, Discard a card: Draw a card.


:mtgtip:`Scrapyard Mongrel`
   As long as you control an artifact, Scrapyard Mongrel gets +2/+0 and has trample. (It can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)


:mtgtip:`Shrapnel Blast`
   As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice an artifact.

   Shrapnel Blast deals 5 damage to any target.


:mtgtip:`Siege Dragon`
   Flying

   When Siege Dragon enters the battlefield, destroy all Walls your opponents control.

   Whenever Siege Dragon attacks, if defending player controls no Walls, it deals 2 damage to each creature without flying that player controls.


:mtgtip:`Soul of Shandalar`
   First strike

   |mana_3|\ |mana_r|\ |mana_r|: Soul of Shandalar deals 3 damage to target player or planeswalker and 3 damage to up to one target creature that player or that planeswalker's controller controls.

   |mana_3|\ |mana_r|\ |mana_r|, Exile Soul of Shandalar from your graveyard: Soul of Shandalar deals 3 damage to target player or planeswalker and 3 damage to up to one target creature that player or that planeswalker's controller controls.


:mtgtip:`Stoke the Flames`
   Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for |mana_1| or one mana of that creature's color.)

   Stoke the Flames deals 4 damage to any target.


:mtgtip:`Thundering Giant`
   Haste (This creature can attack and |tap| as soon as it comes under your control.)


:mtgtip:`Torch Fiend`
   |mana_r|, Sacrifice Torch Fiend: Destroy target artifact.


:mtgtip:`Wall of Fire`
   Defender (This creature can't attack.)

   |mana_r|: Wall of Fire gets +1/+0 until end of turn.


:mtgtip:`Ancient Silverback`
   |mana_g|: Regenerate Ancient Silverback. (The next time this creature would be destroyed this turn, it isn't. Instead tap it, remove all damage from it, and remove it from combat.)


:mtgtip:`Back to Nature`
   Destroy all enchantments.


:mtgtip:`Carnivorous Moss-Beast`
   |mana_5|\ |mana_g|\ |mana_g|: Put a +1/+1 counter on Carnivorous Moss-Beast.


:mtgtip:`Charging Rhino`
   Charging Rhino can't be blocked by more than one creature.


:mtgtip:`Chord of Calling`
   Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for |mana_1| or one mana of that creature's color.)

   Search your library for a creature card with converted mana cost X or less and put it onto the battlefield. Then shuffle your library.


:mtgtip:`Elvish Mystic`
   |tap|: Add |mana_g|.


:mtgtip:`Feral Incarnation`
   Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for |mana_1| or one mana of that creature's color.)

   Create three 3/3 green Beast creature tokens.


:mtgtip:`Gather Courage`
   Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for |mana_1| or one mana of that creature's color.)

   Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.


:mtgtip:`Genesis Hydra`
   When you cast this spell, reveal the top X cards of your library. You may put a nonland permanent card with converted mana cost X or less from among them onto the battlefield. Then shuffle the rest into your library.

   Genesis Hydra enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.


:mtgtip:`Hornet Nest`
   Defender (This creature can't attack.)

   Whenever Hornet Nest is dealt damage, create that many 1/1 green Insect creature tokens with flying and deathtouch. (Any amount of damage a creature with deathtouch deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)


:mtgtip:`Hornet Queen`
   Flying

   Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)

   When Hornet Queen enters the battlefield, create four 1/1 green Insect creature tokens with flying and deathtouch.


:mtgtip:`Hunt the Weak`
   Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. Then that creature fights target creature you don't control. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)


:mtgtip:`Hunter's Ambush`
   Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt by nongreen creatures this turn.


:mtgtip:`Invasive Species`
   When Invasive Species enters the battlefield, return another permanent you control to its owner's hand.


:mtgtip:`Kalonian Twingrove`
   Kalonian Twingrove's power and toughness are each equal to the number of Forests you control.

   When Kalonian Twingrove enters the battlefield, create a green Treefolk Warrior creature token with "This creature's power and toughness are each equal to the number of Forests you control."


:mtgtip:`Life's Legacy`
   As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.

   Draw cards equal to the sacrificed creature's power.


:mtgtip:`Living Totem`
   Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for |mana_1| or one mana of that creature's color.)

   When Living Totem enters the battlefield, you may put a +1/+1 counter on another target creature.


:mtgtip:`Naturalize`
   Destroy target artifact or enchantment.


:mtgtip:`Netcaster Spider`
   Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)

   Whenever Netcaster Spider blocks a creature with flying, Netcaster Spider gets +2/+0 until end of turn.


:mtgtip:`Nissa, Worldwaker`
   +1: Target land you control becomes a 4/4 Elemental creature with trample. It's still a land.

   +1: Untap up to four target Forests.

   −7: Search your library for any number of basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library. Those lands become 4/4 Elemental creatures with trample. They're still lands.


:mtgtip:`Nissa's Expedition`
   Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for |mana_1| or one mana of that creature's color.)

   Search your library for up to two basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.


:mtgtip:`Overwhelm`
   Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for |mana_1| or one mana of that creature's color.)

   Creatures you control get +3/+3 until end of turn.


:mtgtip:`Paragon of Eternal Wilds`
   Other green creatures you control get +1/+1.

   |mana_g|, |tap|: Another target green creature you control gains trample until end of turn. (It can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)


:mtgtip:`Phytotitan`
   When Phytotitan dies, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner's control at the beginning of their next upkeep.


:mtgtip:`Plummet`
   Destroy target creature with flying.


:mtgtip:`Ranger's Guile`
   Target creature you control gets +1/+1 and gains hexproof until end of turn. (It can't be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)


:mtgtip:`Reclamation Sage`
   When Reclamation Sage enters the battlefield, you may destroy target artifact or enchantment.


:mtgtip:`Restock`
   Return two target cards from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Restock.


:mtgtip:`Roaring Primadox`
   At the beginning of your upkeep, return a creature you control to its owner's hand.


:mtgtip:`Runeclaw Bear`
   


:mtgtip:`Satyr Wayfinder`
   When Satyr Wayfinder enters the battlefield, reveal the top four cards of your library. You may put a land card from among them into your hand. Put the rest into your graveyard.


:mtgtip:`Shaman of Spring`
   When Shaman of Spring enters the battlefield, draw a card.


:mtgtip:`Siege Wurm`
   Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for |mana_1| or one mana of that creature's color.)

   Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)


:mtgtip:`Soul of Zendikar`
   Reach

   |mana_3|\ |mana_g|\ |mana_g|: Create a 3/3 green Beast creature token.

   |mana_3|\ |mana_g|\ |mana_g|, Exile Soul of Zendikar from your graveyard: Create a 3/3 green Beast creature token.


:mtgtip:`Sunblade Elf`
   Sunblade Elf gets +1/+1 as long as you control a Plains.

   |mana_4|\ |mana_w|: Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.


:mtgtip:`Titanic Growth`
   Target creature gets +4/+4 until end of turn.


:mtgtip:`Undergrowth Scavenger`
   Undergrowth Scavenger enters the battlefield with a number of +1/+1 counters on it equal to the number of creature cards in all graveyards.


:mtgtip:`Venom Sliver`
   Sliver creatures you control have deathtouch. (Any amount of damage a creature with deathtouch deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)


:mtgtip:`Verdant Haven`
   Enchant land

   When Verdant Haven enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life.

   Whenever enchanted land is tapped for mana, its controller adds an additional one mana of any color.


:mtgtip:`Vineweft`
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature gets +1/+1.

   |mana_4|\ |mana_g|: Return Vineweft from your graveyard to your hand.


:mtgtip:`Wall of Mulch`
   Defender (This creature can't attack.)

   |mana_g|, Sacrifice a Wall: Draw a card.


:mtgtip:`Yisan, the Wanderer Bard`
   |mana_2|\ |mana_g|, |tap|, Put a verse counter on Yisan, the Wanderer Bard: Search your library for a creature card with converted mana cost equal to the number of verse counters on Yisan, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library.


:mtgtip:`Garruk, Apex Predator`
   +1: Destroy another target planeswalker.

   +1: Create a 3/3 black Beast creature token with deathtouch.

   −3: Destroy target creature. You gain life equal to its toughness.

   −8: Target opponent gets an emblem with "Whenever a creature attacks you, it gets +5/+5 and gains trample until end of turn."


:mtgtip:`Sliver Hivelord`
   Sliver creatures you control have indestructible. (Damage and effects that say "destroy" don't destroy them.)


:mtgtip:`Avarice Amulet`
   Equipped creature gets +2/+0 and has vigilance and "At the beginning of your upkeep, draw a card."

   Whenever equipped creature dies, target opponent gains control of Avarice Amulet.

   Equip |mana_2| (|mana_2|: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)


:mtgtip:`Brawler's Plate`
   Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has trample. (It can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)

   Equip |mana_4| (|mana_4|: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)


:mtgtip:`Bronze Sable`
   


:mtgtip:`The Chain Veil`
   At the beginning of your end step, if you didn't activate a loyalty ability of a planeswalker this turn, you lose 2 life.

   |mana_4|, |tap|: For each planeswalker you control, you may activate one of its loyalty abilities once this turn as though none of its loyalty abilities have been activated this turn.


:mtgtip:`Gargoyle Sentinel`
   Defender (This creature can't attack.)

   |mana_3|: Until end of turn, Gargoyle Sentinel loses defender and gains flying.


:mtgtip:`Grindclock`
   |tap|: Put a charge counter on Grindclock.

   |tap|: Target player puts the top X cards of their library into their graveyard, where X is the number of charge counters on Grindclock.


:mtgtip:`Haunted Plate Mail`
   Equipped creature gets +4/+4.

   |mana_0|: Until end of turn, Haunted Plate Mail becomes a 4/4 Spirit artifact creature that's no longer an Equipment. Activate this ability only if you control no creatures.

   Equip |mana_4| (|mana_4|: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)


:mtgtip:`Hot Soup`
   Equipped creature can't be blocked.

   Whenever equipped creature is dealt damage, destroy it.

   Equip |mana_3| (|mana_3|: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)


:mtgtip:`Juggernaut`
   Juggernaut attacks each combat if able.

   Juggernaut can't be blocked by Walls.


:mtgtip:`Meteorite`
   When Meteorite enters the battlefield, it deals 2 damage to any target.

   |tap|: Add one mana of any color.


:mtgtip:`Obelisk of Urd`
   Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for |mana_1| or one mana of that creature's color.)

   As Obelisk of Urd enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.

   Creatures you control of the chosen type get +2/+2.


:mtgtip:`Ornithopter`
   Flying


:mtgtip:`Perilous Vault`
   |mana_5|, |tap|, Exile Perilous Vault: Exile all nonland permanents.


:mtgtip:`Phyrexian Revoker`
   As Phyrexian Revoker enters the battlefield, choose a nonland card name.

   Activated abilities of sources with the chosen name can't be activated.


:mtgtip:`Profane Memento`
   Whenever a creature card is put into an opponent's graveyard from anywhere, you gain 1 life.


:mtgtip:`Rogue's Gloves`
   Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card.

   Equip |mana_2| (|mana_2|: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)


:mtgtip:`Sacred Armory`
   |mana_2|: Target creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.


:mtgtip:`Scuttling Doom Engine`
   Scuttling Doom Engine can't be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.

   When Scuttling Doom Engine dies, it deals 6 damage to target opponent or planeswalker.


:mtgtip:`Shield of the Avatar`
   If a source would deal damage to equipped creature, prevent X of that damage, where X is the number of creatures you control.

   Equip |mana_2| (|mana_2|: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)


:mtgtip:`Soul of New Phyrexia`
   Trample

   |mana_5|: Permanents you control gain indestructible until end of turn.

   |mana_5|, Exile Soul of New Phyrexia from your graveyard: Permanents you control gain indestructible until end of turn.


:mtgtip:`Staff of the Death Magus`
   Whenever you cast a black spell or a Swamp enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life.


:mtgtip:`Staff of the Flame Magus`
   Whenever you cast a red spell or a Mountain enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life.


:mtgtip:`Staff of the Mind Magus`
   Whenever you cast a blue spell or an Island enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life.


:mtgtip:`Staff of the Sun Magus`
   Whenever you cast a white spell or a Plains enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life.


:mtgtip:`Staff of the Wild Magus`
   Whenever you cast a green spell or a Forest enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life.


:mtgtip:`Tormod's Crypt`
   |tap|, Sacrifice Tormod's Crypt: Exile all cards from target player's graveyard.


:mtgtip:`Tyrant's Machine`
   |mana_4|, |tap|: Tap target creature.


:mtgtip:`Will-Forged Golem`
   Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for |mana_1| or one mana of that creature's color.)


:mtgtip:`Battlefield Forge`
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r| or |mana_w|. Battlefield Forge deals 1 damage to you.


:mtgtip:`Caves of Koilos`
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |tap|: Add |mana_w| or |mana_b|. Caves of Koilos deals 1 damage to you.


:mtgtip:`Darksteel Citadel`
   Indestructible

   |tap|: Add |colorless|.


:mtgtip:`Evolving Wilds`
   |tap|, Sacrifice Evolving Wilds: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.


:mtgtip:`Llanowar Wastes`
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b| or |mana_g|. Llanowar Wastes deals 1 damage to you.


:mtgtip:`Radiant Fountain`
   When Radiant Fountain enters the battlefield, you gain 2 life.

   |tap|: Add |colorless|.


:mtgtip:`Shivan Reef`
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |tap|: Add |mana_u| or |mana_r|. Shivan Reef deals 1 damage to you.


:mtgtip:`Sliver Hive`
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |tap|: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast a Sliver spell.

   |mana_5|, |tap|: Create a 1/1 colorless Sliver creature token. Activate this ability only if you control a Sliver.


:mtgtip:`Urborg, Tomb of Yawgmoth`
   Each land is a Swamp in addition to its other land types.


:mtgtip:`Yavimaya Coast`
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g| or |mana_u|. Yavimaya Coast deals 1 damage to you.


:mtgtip:`Plains`
   (|tap|: Add |mana_w|.)


:mtgtip:`Island`
   (|tap|: Add |mana_u|.)


:mtgtip:`Swamp`
   (|tap|: Add |mana_b|.)


:mtgtip:`Mountain`
   (|tap|: Add |mana_r|.)


:mtgtip:`Forest`
   (|tap|: Add |mana_g|.)


:mtgtip:`Aegis Angel`
   Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)

   When Aegis Angel enters the battlefield, another target permanent gains indestructible for as long as you control Aegis Angel. (Effects that say "destroy" don't destroy it. A creature with indestructible can't be destroyed by damage.)


:mtgtip:`Divine Verdict`
   Destroy target attacking or blocking creature.


:mtgtip:`Inspired Charge`
   Creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn.


:mtgtip:`Serra Angel`
   Flying, vigilance


:mtgtip:`Cancel`
   Counter target spell.


:mtgtip:`Mahamoti Djinn`
   Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)


:mtgtip:`Nightmare`
   Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)

   Nightmare's power and toughness are each equal to the number of Swamps you control.


:mtgtip:`Sengir Vampire`
   Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)

   Whenever a creature dealt damage by Sengir Vampire this turn dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Sengir Vampire.


:mtgtip:`Walking Corpse`
   


:mtgtip:`Furnace Whelp`
   Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)

   |mana_r|: Furnace Whelp gets +1/+0 until end of turn.


:mtgtip:`Seismic Strike`
   Seismic Strike deals damage to target creature equal to the number of Mountains you control.


:mtgtip:`Shivan Dragon`
   Flying (This creature can't be blocked except by creatures with flying or reach.)

   |mana_r|: Shivan Dragon gets +1/+0 until end of turn.


:mtgtip:`Centaur Courser`
   


:mtgtip:`Garruk's Packleader`
   Whenever another creature with power 3 or greater enters the battlefield under your control, you may draw a card.


:mtgtip:`Terra Stomper`
   This spell can't be countered.

   Trample (This creature can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it's attacking.)

