.. Shadows over Innistrad (autogenerated)
.. include:: symbols.rst
        
Shadows over Innistrad
======================
        

Always Watching
   Nontoken creatures you control get +1/+1 and have vigilance.


Angel of Deliverance
   Flying

   Delirium — Whenever Angel of Deliverance deals damage, if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, exile target creature an opponent controls.


Angelic Purge
   As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a permanent.

   Exile target artifact, creature, or enchantment.


Apothecary Geist
   Flying

   When Apothecary Geist enters the battlefield, if you control another Spirit, you gain 3 life.


Archangel Avacyn
   Flash

   Flying, vigilance

   When Archangel Avacyn enters the battlefield, creatures you control gain indestructible until end of turn.

   When a non-Angel creature you control dies, transform Archangel Avacyn at the beginning of the next upkeep.


Avacyn, the Purifier
   Flying

   When this creature transforms into Avacyn, the Purifier, it deals 3 damage to each other creature and each opponent.


Avacynian Missionaries
   At the beginning of your end step, if Avacynian Missionaries is equipped, transform it.


Lunarch Inquisitors
   When this creature transforms into Lunarch Inquisitors, you may exile another target creature until Lunarch Inquisitors leaves the battlefield.


Bound by Moonsilver
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature can't attack, block, or transform.

   Sacrifice another permanent: Attach Bound by Moonsilver to target creature. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery and only once each turn.


Bygone Bishop
   Flying

   Whenever you cast a creature spell with converted mana cost 3 or less, investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with "|mana_2|, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.")


Cathar's Companion
   Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, Cathar's Companion gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say "destroy" don't destroy it.)


Chaplain's Blessing
   You gain 5 life.


Dauntless Cathar
   |mana_1| |mana_w|, Exile Dauntless Cathar from your graveyard: Create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.


Declaration in Stone
   Exile target creature and all other creatures its controller controls with the same name as that creature. That player investigates for each nontoken creature exiled this way.


Descend upon the Sinful
   Exile all creatures.

   Delirium — Create a 4/4 white Angel creature token with flying if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard.


Devilthorn Fox
   


Drogskol Cavalry
   Flying

   Whenever another Spirit enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 2 life.

   |mana_3| |mana_w|: Create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.


Eerie Interlude
   Exile any number of target creatures you control. Return those cards to the battlefield under their owner's control at the beginning of the next end step.


Emissary of the Sleepless
   Flying

   When Emissary of the Sleepless enters the battlefield, if a creature died this turn, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.


Ethereal Guidance
   Creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn.


Expose Evil
   Tap up to two target creatures.

   Investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with "|mana_2|, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.")


Gryff's Boon
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature gets +1/+0 and has flying.

   |mana_3| |mana_w|: Return Gryff's Boon from your graveyard to the battlefield attached to target creature. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.


Hanweir Militia Captain
   At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control four or more creatures, transform Hanweir Militia Captain.


Westvale Cult Leader
   Westvale Cult Leader's power and toughness are each equal to the number of creatures you control.

   At the beginning of your end step, create a 1/1 white and black Human Cleric creature token.


Hope Against Hope
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each creature you control.

   As long as enchanted creature is a Human, it has first strike.


Humble the Brute
   Destroy target creature with power 4 or greater.

   Investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with "|mana_2|, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.")


Inquisitor's Ox
   Delirium — Inquisitor's Ox gets +1/+0 and has vigilance as long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard.


Inspiring Captain
   When Inspiring Captain enters the battlefield, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.


Militant Inquisitor
   Militant Inquisitor gets +1/+0 for each Equipment you control.


Moorland Drifter
   Delirium — Moorland Drifter has flying as long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard.


Nahiri's Machinations
   At the beginning of combat on your turn, target creature you control gains indestructible until end of turn.

   |mana_1| |mana_r|: Nahiri's Machinations deals 1 damage to target blocking creature.


Nearheath Chaplain
   Lifelink

   |mana_2| |mana_w|, Exile Nearheath Chaplain from your graveyard: Create two 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.


Not Forgotten
   Put target card from a graveyard on the top or bottom of its owner's library. Create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.


Odric, Lunarch Marshal
   At the beginning of each combat, creatures you control gain first strike until end of turn if a creature you control has first strike. The same is true for flying, deathtouch, double strike, haste, hexproof, indestructible, lifelink, menace, reach, skulk, trample, and vigilance.


Open the Armory
   Search your library for an Aura or Equipment card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then shuffle your library.


Paranoid Parish-Blade
   Delirium — Paranoid Parish-Blade gets +1/+0 and has first strike as long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard.


Pious Evangel
   Whenever Pious Evangel or another creature enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life.

   |mana_2|, |tap|, Sacrifice another permanent: Transform Pious Evangel.


Wayward Disciple
   Whenever Wayward Disciple or another creature you control dies, target opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.


Puncturing Light
   Destroy target attacking or blocking creature with power 3 or less.


Reaper of Flight Moonsilver
   Flying

   Delirium — Sacrifice another creature: Reaper of Flight Moonsilver gets +2/+1 until end of turn. Activate this ability only if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard.


Silverstrike
   Destroy target attacking creature. You gain 3 life.


Spectral Shepherd
   Flying

   |mana_1| |mana_u|: Return target Spirit you control to its owner's hand.


Stern Constable
   |tap|, Discard a card: Tap target creature.


Strength of Arms
   Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. If you control an Equipment, create a 1/1 white Human Soldier creature token.


Survive the Night
   Target creature gets +1/+0 and gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say "destroy" don't destroy it.)

   Investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with "|mana_2|, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.")


Tenacity
   Creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain lifelink until end of turn. Untap those creatures.


Thalia's Lieutenant
   When Thalia's Lieutenant enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on each other Human you control.

   Whenever another Human enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on Thalia's Lieutenant.


Thraben Inspector
   When Thraben Inspector enters the battlefield, investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with "|mana_2|, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.")


Topplegeist
   Flying

   When Topplegeist enters the battlefield, tap target creature an opponent controls.

   Delirium — At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, tap target creature that player controls.


Town Gossipmonger
   |tap|, Tap an untapped creature you control: Transform Town Gossipmonger.


Incited Rabble
   Incited Rabble attacks each combat if able.

   |mana_2|: Incited Rabble gets +1/+0 until end of turn.


Unruly Mob
   Whenever another creature you control dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Unruly Mob.


Vessel of Ephemera
   |mana_2| |mana_w|, Sacrifice Vessel of Ephemera: Create two 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying.


Aberrant Researcher
   Flying

   At the beginning of your upkeep, put the top card of your library into your graveyard. If it's an instant or sorcery card, transform Aberrant Researcher.


Perfected Form
   Flying


Broken Concentration
   Counter target spell.

   Madness |mana_3| |mana_u| (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)


Catalog
   Draw two cards, then discard a card.


Compelling Deterrence
   Return target nonland permanent to its owner's hand. Then that player discards a card if you control a Zombie.


Confirm Suspicions
   Counter target spell.

   Investigate three times. (To investigate, create a colorless Clue artifact token with "|mana_2|, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.")


Daring Sleuth
   When you sacrifice a Clue, transform Daring Sleuth.


Bearer of Overwhelming Truths
   Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)

   Whenever Bearer of Overwhelming Truths deals combat damage to a player, investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with "|mana_2|, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.")


Deny Existence
   Counter target creature spell. If that spell is countered this way, exile it instead of putting it into its owner's graveyard.


Drownyard Explorers
   When Drownyard Explorers enters the battlefield, investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with "|mana_2|, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.")


Drunau Corpse Trawler
   When Drunau Corpse Trawler enters the battlefield, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.

   |mana_2| |mana_b|: Target Zombie gains deathtouch until end of turn.


Engulf the Shore
   Return to their owners' hands all creatures with toughness less than or equal to the number of Islands you control.


Epiphany at the Drownyard
   Reveal the top X plus one cards of your library and separate them into two piles. An opponent chooses one of those piles. Put that pile into your hand and the other into your graveyard.


Erdwal Illuminator
   Flying

   Whenever you investigate for the first time each turn, investigate an additional time.


Essence Flux
   Exile target creature you control, then return that card to the battlefield under its owner's control. If it's a Spirit, put a +1/+1 counter on it.


Fleeting Memories
   When Fleeting Memories enters the battlefield, investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with "|mana_2|, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.")

   Whenever you sacrifice a Clue, target player puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard.


Forgotten Creation
   Skulk (This creature can't be blocked by creatures with greater power.)

   At the beginning of your upkeep, you may discard all the cards in your hand. If you do, draw that many cards.


Furtive Homunculus
   Skulk (This creature can't be blocked by creatures with greater power.)


Geralf's Masterpiece
   Flying

   Geralf's Masterpiece gets -1/-1 for each card in your hand.

   |mana_3| |mana_u|, Discard three cards: Return Geralf's Masterpiece from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.


Ghostly Wings
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has flying.

   Discard a card: Return enchanted creature to its owner's hand.


Gone Missing
   Put target permanent on top of its owner's library.

   Investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with "|mana_2|, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.")


Invasive Surgery
   Counter target sorcery spell.

   Delirium — If there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, search the graveyard, hand, and library of that spell's controller for any number of cards with the same name as that spell, exile those cards, then that player shuffles their library.


Jace, Unraveler of Secrets
   +1: Scry 1, then draw a card.

   −2: Return target creature to its owner's hand.

   −8: You get an emblem with "Whenever an opponent casts their first spell each turn, counter that spell."


Jace's Scrutiny
   Target creature gets -4/-0 until end of turn.

   Investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with "|mana_2|, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.")


Just the Wind
   Return target creature to its owner's hand.

   Madness |mana_u| (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)


Lamplighter of Selhoff
   When Lamplighter of Selhoff enters the battlefield, if you control another Zombie, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.


Manic Scribe
   When Manic Scribe enters the battlefield, each opponent puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard.

   Delirium — At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, that player puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard.


Nagging Thoughts
   Look at the top two cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the other into your graveyard.

   Madness |mana_1| |mana_u| (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)


Nephalia Moondrakes
   Flying

   When Nephalia Moondrakes enters the battlefield, target creature gains flying until end of turn.

   |mana_4| |mana_u| |mana_u|, Exile Nephalia Moondrakes from your graveyard: Creatures you control gain flying until end of turn.


Niblis of Dusk
   Flying

   Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)


Ongoing Investigation
   Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player, investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with "|mana_2|, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.")

   |mana_1| |mana_g|, Exile a creature card from your graveyard: Investigate. You gain 2 life.


Pieces of the Puzzle
   Reveal the top five cards of your library. Put up to two instant and/or sorcery cards from among them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.


Pore Over the Pages
   Draw three cards, untap up to two lands, then discard a card.


Press for Answers
   Tap target creature. It doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.

   Investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with "|mana_2|, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.")


Rattlechains
   Flash

   Flying

   When Rattlechains enters the battlefield, target Spirit gains hexproof until end of turn.

   You may cast Spirit spells as though they had flash.


Reckless Scholar
   |tap|: Target player draws a card, then discards a card.


Rise from the Tides
   Create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token for each instant and sorcery card in your graveyard.


Seagraf Skaab
   


Silburlind Snapper
   Silburlind Snapper can't attack unless you've cast a noncreature spell this turn.


Silent Observer
   Flying


Sleep Paralysis
   Enchant creature

   When Sleep Paralysis enters the battlefield, tap enchanted creature.

   Enchanted creature doesn't untap during its controller's untap step.


Startled Awake
   Target opponent puts the top thirteen cards of their library into their graveyard.

   |mana_3| |mana_u| |mana_u|: Put Startled Awake from your graveyard onto the battlefield transformed. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.


Persistent Nightmare
   Skulk (This creature can't be blocked by creatures with greater power.)

   When Persistent Nightmare deals combat damage to a player, return it to its owner's hand.


Stitched Mangler
   Stitched Mangler enters the battlefield tapped.

   When Stitched Mangler enters the battlefield, tap target creature an opponent controls. That creature doesn't untap during its controller's next untap step.


Stitchwing Skaab
   Flying

   |mana_1| |mana_u|, Discard two cards: Return Stitchwing Skaab from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.


Stormrider Spirit
   Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)

   Flying


Thing in the Ice
   Defender

   Thing in the Ice enters the battlefield with four ice counters on it.

   Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, remove an ice counter from Thing in the Ice. Then if it has no ice counters on it, transform it.


Awoken Horror
   When this creature transforms into Awoken Horror, return all non-Horror creatures to their owners' hands.


Trail of Evidence
   Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with "|mana_2|, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.")


Uninvited Geist
   Skulk (This creature can't be blocked by creatures with greater power.)

   When Uninvited Geist deals combat damage to a player, transform it.


Unimpeded Trespasser
   Unimpeded Trespasser can't be blocked.


Vessel of Paramnesia
   |mana_u|, Sacrifice Vessel of Paramnesia: Target player puts the top three cards of their library into their graveyard. Draw a card.


Welcome to the Fold
   Madness |mana_x| |mana_u| |mana_u| (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)

   Gain control of target creature if its toughness is 2 or less. If Welcome to the Fold's madness cost was paid, instead gain control of that creature if its toughness is X or less.


Accursed Witch
   Spells your opponents cast that target Accursed Witch cost |mana_1| less to cast.

   When Accursed Witch dies, return it to the battlefield transformed under your control attached to target opponent.


Infectious Curse
   Enchant player

   Spells you cast that target enchanted player cost |mana_1| less to cast.

   At the beginning of enchanted player's upkeep, that player loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.


Alms of the Vein
   Target opponent loses 3 life and you gain 3 life.

   Madness |mana_b| (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)


Asylum Visitor
   At the beginning of each player's upkeep, if that player has no cards in hand, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.

   Madness |mana_1| |mana_b| (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)


Behind the Scenes
   Creatures you control have skulk. (They can't be blocked by creatures with greater power.)

   |mana_4| |mana_w|: Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.


Behold the Beyond
   Discard your hand. Search your library for three cards and put those cards into your hand. Then shuffle your library.


Biting Rain
   All creatures get -2/-2 until end of turn.

   Madness |mana_2| |mana_b| (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)


Call the Bloodline
   |mana_1|, Discard a card: Create a 1/1 black Vampire Knight creature token with lifelink. Activate this ability only once each turn.


Creeping Dread
   At the beginning of your upkeep, each player discards a card. Each opponent who discarded a card that shares a card type with the card you discarded loses 3 life. (Players reveal the discarded cards simultaneously.)


Crow of Dark Tidings
   Flying

   When Crow of Dark Tidings enters the battlefield or dies, put the top two cards of your library into your graveyard.


Dead Weight
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature gets -2/-2.


Diregraf Colossus
   Diregraf Colossus enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each Zombie card in your graveyard.

   Whenever you cast a Zombie spell, create a tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature token.


Elusive Tormentor
   |mana_1|, Discard a card: Transform Elusive Tormentor.


Insidious Mist
   Hexproof, indestructible

   Insidious Mist can't block and can't be blocked.

   Whenever Insidious Mist attacks and isn't blocked, you may pay |mana_2| |mana_b|. If you do, transform it.


Ever After
   Return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to the battlefield. Each of those creatures is a black Zombie in addition to its other colors and types. Put Ever After on the bottom of its owner's library.


Farbog Revenant
   Skulk (This creature can't be blocked by creatures with greater power.)

   Lifelink (Damage dealt by this creature also causes you to gain that much life.)


From Under the Floorboards
   Madness |mana_x| |mana_b| |mana_b| (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)

   Create three tapped 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens and you gain 3 life. If From Under the Floorboards's madness cost was paid, instead create X of those tokens and you gain X life.


Ghoulcaller's Accomplice
   |mana_3| |mana_b|, Exile Ghoulcaller's Accomplice from your graveyard: Create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.


Ghoulsteed
   |mana_2| |mana_b|, Discard two cards: Return Ghoulsteed from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.


Gisa's Bidding
   Create two 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens.

   Madness |mana_2| |mana_b| (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)


Grotesque Mutation
   Target creature gets +3/+1 and gains lifelink until end of turn. (Damage dealt by the creature also causes its controller to gain that much life.)


Heir of Falkenrath
   Discard a card: Transform Heir of Falkenrath. Activate this ability only once each turn.


Heir to the Night
   Flying


Hound of the Farbogs
   Delirium — Hound of the Farbogs has menace as long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard. (A creature with menace can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)


Indulgent Aristocrat
   Lifelink

   |mana_2|, Sacrifice a creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on each Vampire you control.


Kindly Stranger
   Delirium — |mana_2| |mana_b|: Transform Kindly Stranger. Activate this ability only if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard.


Demon-Possessed Witch
   When this creature transforms into Demon-Possessed Witch, you may destroy target creature.


Liliana's Indignation
   Put the top X cards of your library into your graveyard. Target player loses 2 life for each creature card put into your graveyard this way.


Macabre Waltz
   Return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand, then discard a card.


Markov Dreadknight
   Flying

   |mana_2| |mana_b|, Discard a card: Put two +1/+1 counters on Markov Dreadknight.


Merciless Resolve
   As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature or land.

   Draw two cards.


Mindwrack Demon
   Flying, trample

   When Mindwrack Demon enters the battlefield, put the top four cards of your library into your graveyard.

   Delirium — At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 4 life unless there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard.


Morkrut Necropod
   Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)

   Whenever Morkrut Necropod attacks or blocks, sacrifice another creature or land.


Murderous Compulsion
   Destroy target tapped creature.

   Madness |mana_1| |mana_b| (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)


Olivia's Bloodsworn
   Flying

   Olivia's Bloodsworn can't block.

   |mana_r|: Target Vampire gains haste until end of turn.


Pale Rider of Trostad
   Skulk (This creature can't be blocked by creatures with greater power.)

   When Pale Rider of Trostad enters the battlefield, discard a card.


Pick the Brain
   Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it and exile that card.

   Delirium — If there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, search that player's graveyard, hand, and library for any number of cards with the same name as the exiled card, exile those cards, then that player shuffles their library.


Rancid Rats
   Skulk (This creature can't be blocked by creatures with greater power.)

   Deathtouch (Any amount of damage this deals to a creature is enough to destroy it.)


Relentless Dead
   Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)

   When Relentless Dead dies, you may pay |mana_b|. If you do, return it to its owner's hand.

   When Relentless Dead dies, you may pay |mana_x|. If you do, return another target Zombie creature card with converted mana cost X from your graveyard to the battlefield.


Rottenheart Ghoul
   When Rottenheart Ghoul dies, target player discards a card.


Sanitarium Skeleton
   |mana_2| |mana_b|: Return Sanitarium Skeleton from your graveyard to your hand.


Shamble Back
   Exile target creature card from a graveyard. Create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token. You gain 2 life.


Sinister Concoction
   |mana_b|, Pay 1 life, Put the top card of your library into your graveyard, Discard a card, Sacrifice Sinister Concoction: Destroy target creature.


Stallion of Ashmouth
   Delirium — |mana_1| |mana_b|: Stallion of Ashmouth gets +1/+1 until end of turn. Activate this ability only if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard.


Stromkirk Mentor
   When Stromkirk Mentor enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on another target Vampire you control.


Throttle
   Target creature gets -4/-4 until end of turn.


To the Slaughter
   Target player sacrifices a creature or planeswalker.

   Delirium — If there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, instead that player sacrifices a creature and a planeswalker.


Tooth Collector
   When Tooth Collector enters the battlefield, target creature an opponent controls gets -1/-1 until end of turn.

   Delirium — At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, target creature that player controls gets -1/-1 until end of turn.


Triskaidekaphobia
   At the beginning of your upkeep, choose one —

   • Each player with exactly 13 life loses the game, then each player gains 1 life.

   • Each player with exactly 13 life loses the game, then each player loses 1 life.


Twins of Maurer Estate
   Madness |mana_2| |mana_b| (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)


Vampire Noble
   


Vessel of Malignity
   |mana_1| |mana_b|, Sacrifice Vessel of Malignity: Target opponent exiles two cards from their hand. Activate this ability only any time you could cast a sorcery.


Avacyn's Judgment
   Madness |mana_x| |mana_r| (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)

   Avacyn's Judgment deals 2 damage divided as you choose among any number of targets. If Avacyn's Judgment's madness cost was paid, it deals X damage divided as you choose among those permanents and/or players instead.


Bloodmad Vampire
   Whenever Bloodmad Vampire deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it.

   Madness |mana_1| |mana_r| (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)


Breakneck Rider
   At the beginning of each upkeep, if no spells were cast last turn, transform Breakneck Rider.


Neck Breaker
   Attacking creatures you control get +1/+0 and have trample.

   At the beginning of each upkeep, if a player cast two or more spells last turn, transform Neck Breaker.


Burn from Within
   Burn from Within deals X damage to any target. If a creature is dealt damage this way, it loses indestructible until end of turn. If that creature would die this turn, exile it instead.


Convicted Killer
   At the beginning of each upkeep, if no spells were cast last turn, transform Convicted Killer.


Branded Howler
   At the beginning of each upkeep, if a player cast two or more spells last turn, transform Branded Howler.


Dance with Devils
   Create two 1/1 red Devil creature tokens. They have "When this creature dies, it deals 1 damage to any target."


Devils' Playground
   Create four 1/1 red Devil creature tokens. They have "When this creature dies, it deals 1 damage to any target."


Dissension in the Ranks
   Target blocking creature fights another target blocking creature.


Dual Shot
   Dual Shot deals 1 damage to each of up to two target creatures.


Ember-Eye Wolf
   Haste

   |mana_1| |mana_r|: Ember-Eye Wolf gets +2/+0 until end of turn.


Falkenrath Gorger
   Each Vampire creature card you own that isn't on the battlefield has madness. The madness cost is equal to its mana cost. (If you discard a card with madness, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)


Fiery Temper
   Fiery Temper deals 3 damage to any target.

   Madness |mana_r| (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)


Flameblade Angel
   Flying

   Whenever a source an opponent controls deals damage to you or a permanent you control, you may have Flameblade Angel deal 1 damage to that source's controller.


Gatstaf Arsonists
   At the beginning of each upkeep, if no spells were cast last turn, transform Gatstaf Arsonists.


Gatstaf Ravagers
   Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)

   At the beginning of each upkeep, if a player cast two or more spells last turn, transform Gatstaf Ravagers.


Geier Reach Bandit
   Haste

   At the beginning of each upkeep, if no spells were cast last turn, transform Geier Reach Bandit.


Vildin-Pack Alpha
   Whenever a Werewolf enters the battlefield under your control, you may transform it.

   At the beginning of each upkeep, if a player cast two or more spells last turn, transform Vildin-Pack Alpha.


Geistblast
   Geistblast deals 2 damage to any target.

   |mana_2| |mana_u|, Exile Geistblast from your graveyard: Copy target instant or sorcery spell you control. You may choose new targets for the copy.


Gibbering Fiend
   When Gibbering Fiend enters the battlefield, it deals 1 damage to each opponent.

   Delirium — At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, Gibbering Fiend deals 1 damage to that player.


Goldnight Castigator
   Flying, haste

   If a source would deal damage to you, it deals double that damage to you instead.

   If a source would deal damage to Goldnight Castigator, it deals double that damage to Goldnight Castigator instead.


Harness the Storm
   Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell from your hand, you may cast target card with the same name as that spell from your graveyard. (You still pay its costs.)


Howlpack Wolf
   Howlpack Wolf can't block unless you control another Wolf or Werewolf.


Hulking Devil
   


Incorrigible Youths
   Haste

   Madness |mana_2| |mana_r| (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)


Inner Struggle
   Target creature deals damage to itself equal to its power.


Insolent Neonate
   Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)

   Discard a card, Sacrifice Insolent Neonate: Draw a card.


Kessig Forgemaster
   Whenever Kessig Forgemaster blocks or becomes blocked by a creature, Kessig Forgemaster deals 1 damage to that creature.

   At the beginning of each upkeep, if no spells were cast last turn, transform Kessig Forgemaster.


Flameheart Werewolf
   Whenever Flameheart Werewolf blocks or becomes blocked by a creature, Flameheart Werewolf deals 2 damage to that creature.

   At the beginning of each upkeep, if a player cast two or more spells last turn, transform Flameheart Werewolf.


Lightning Axe
   As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card or pay |mana_5|.

   Lightning Axe deals 5 damage to target creature.


Mad Prophet
   Haste

   |tap|, Discard a card: Draw a card.


Magmatic Chasm
   Creatures without flying can't block this turn.


Malevolent Whispers
   Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gets +2/+0 and gains haste until end of turn.

   Madness |mana_3| |mana_r| (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)


Pyre Hound
   Trample

   Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Pyre Hound.


Ravenous Bloodseeker
   Discard a card: Ravenous Bloodseeker gets +2/-2 until end of turn.


Reduce to Ashes
   Reduce to Ashes deals 5 damage to target creature. If that creature would die this turn, exile it instead.


Rush of Adrenaline
   Target creature gets +2/+1 and gains trample until end of turn.


Sanguinary Mage
   Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)


Scourge Wolf
   First strike

   Delirium — Scourge Wolf has double strike as long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard.


Senseless Rage
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature gets +2/+2.

   Madness |mana_1| |mana_r| (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)


Sin Prodder
   Menace

   At the beginning of your upkeep, reveal the top card of your library. Any opponent may have you put that card into your graveyard. If a player does, Sin Prodder deals damage to that player equal to that card's converted mana cost. Otherwise, put that card into your hand.


Skin Invasion
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature attacks each combat if able.

   When enchanted creature dies, return Skin Invasion to the battlefield transformed under your control.


Skin Shedder
   


Spiteful Motives
   Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)

   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature gets +3/+0 and has first strike.


Stensia Masquerade
   Attacking creatures you control have first strike.

   Whenever a Vampire you control deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it.

   Madness |mana_2| |mana_r| (If you discard this card, discard it into exile. When you do, cast it for its madness cost or put it into your graveyard.)


Structural Distortion
   Exile target artifact or land. Structural Distortion deals 2 damage to that permanent's controller.


Tormenting Voice
   As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card.

   Draw two cards.


Ulrich's Kindred
   Trample

   |mana_3| |mana_g|: Target attacking Wolf or Werewolf gains indestructible until end of turn.


Uncaged Fury
   Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains double strike until end of turn. (It deals both first-strike and regular combat damage.)


Vessel of Volatility
   |mana_1| |mana_r|, Sacrifice Vessel of Volatility: Add |mana_r| |mana_r| |mana_r| |mana_r|.


Village Messenger
   Haste

   At the beginning of each upkeep, if no spells were cast last turn, transform Village Messenger.


Moonrise Intruder
   Menace (This creature can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)

   At the beginning of each upkeep, if a player cast two or more spells last turn, transform Moonrise Intruder.


Voldaren Duelist
   Haste

   When Voldaren Duelist enters the battlefield, target creature can't block this turn.


Wolf of Devil's Breach
   Whenever Wolf of Devil's Breach attacks, you may pay |mana_1| |mana_r| and discard a card. If you do, Wolf of Devil's Breach deals damage to target creature or planeswalker equal to the discarded card's converted mana cost.


Aim High
   Untap target creature. It gets +2/+2 and gains reach until end of turn. (It can block creatures with flying.)


Autumnal Gloom
   |mana_b|: Put the top card of your library into your graveyard.

   Delirium — At the beginning of your end step, if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, transform Autumnal Gloom.


Ancient of the Equinox
   Trample, hexproof


Briarbridge Patrol
   Whenever Briarbridge Patrol deals damage to one or more creatures, investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with "|mana_2|, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.")

   At the beginning of each end step, if you sacrificed three or more Clues this turn, you may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield.


Byway Courier
   When Byway Courier dies, investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with "|mana_2|, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.")


Clip Wings
   Each opponent sacrifices a creature with flying.


Confront the Unknown
   Investigate, then target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each Clue you control. (To investigate, create a colorless Clue artifact token with "|mana_2|, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.")


Crawling Sensation
   At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put the top two cards of your library into your graveyard.

   Whenever one or more land cards are put into your graveyard from anywhere for the first time each turn, create a 1/1 green Insect creature token.


Cryptolith Rite
   Creatures you control have "|tap|: Add one mana of any color."


Cult of the Waxing Moon
   Whenever a permanent you control transforms into a non-Human creature, create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token.


Deathcap Cultivator
   |tap|: Add |mana_b| or |mana_g|.

   Delirium — Deathcap Cultivator has deathtouch as long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard.


Duskwatch Recruiter
   |mana_2| |mana_g|: Look at the top three cards of your library. You may reveal a creature card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.

   At the beginning of each upkeep, if no spells were cast last turn, transform Duskwatch Recruiter.


Krallenhorde Howler
   Creature spells you cast cost |mana_1| less to cast.

   At the beginning of each upkeep, if a player cast two or more spells last turn, transform Krallenhorde Howler.


Equestrian Skill
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature gets +3/+3.

   As long as enchanted creature is a Human, it has trample.


Fork in the Road
   Search your library for up to two basic land cards and reveal them. Put one into your hand and the other into your graveyard. Then shuffle your library.


Gloomwidow
   Reach

   Gloomwidow can block only creatures with flying.


Graf Mole
   Whenever you sacrifice a Clue, you gain 3 life.


Groundskeeper
   |mana_1| |mana_g|: Return target basic land card from your graveyard to your hand.


Hermit of the Natterknolls
   Whenever an opponent casts a spell during your turn, draw a card.

   At the beginning of each upkeep, if no spells were cast last turn, transform Hermit of the Natterknolls.


Lone Wolf of the Natterknolls
   Whenever an opponent casts a spell during your turn, draw two cards.

   At the beginning of each upkeep, if a player cast two or more spells last turn, transform Lone Wolf of the Natterknolls.


Hinterland Logger
   At the beginning of each upkeep, if no spells were cast last turn, transform Hinterland Logger.


Timber Shredder
   Trample

   At the beginning of each upkeep, if a player cast two or more spells last turn, transform Timber Shredder.


Howlpack Resurgence
   Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)

   Each creature you control that's a Wolf or a Werewolf gets +1/+1 and has trample.


Inexorable Blob
   Delirium — Whenever Inexorable Blob attacks, if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, create a 3/3 green Ooze creature token that's tapped and attacking.


Intrepid Provisioner
   Trample

   When Intrepid Provisioner enters the battlefield, another target Human you control gets +2/+2 until end of turn.


Kessig Dire Swine
   Delirium — Kessig Dire Swine has trample as long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard.


Lambholt Pacifist
   Lambholt Pacifist can't attack unless you control a creature with power 4 or greater.

   At the beginning of each upkeep, if no spells were cast last turn, transform Lambholt Pacifist.


Lambholt Butcher
   At the beginning of each upkeep, if a player cast two or more spells last turn, transform Lambholt Butcher.


Loam Dryad
   |tap|, Tap an untapped creature you control: Add one mana of any color.


Might Beyond Reason
   Put two +1/+1 counters on target creature.

   Delirium — Put three +1/+1 counters on that creature instead if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard.


Moldgraf Scavenger
   Delirium — Moldgraf Scavenger gets +3/+0 as long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard.


Moonlight Hunt
   Choose target creature you don't control. Each creature you control that's a Wolf or a Werewolf deals damage equal to its power to that creature.


Obsessive Skinner
   When Obsessive Skinner enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.

   Delirium — At the beginning of each opponent's upkeep, if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.


Pack Guardian
   Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)

   When Pack Guardian enters the battlefield, you may discard a land card. If you do, create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token.


Quilled Wolf
   |mana_5| |mana_g|: Quilled Wolf gets +4/+4 until end of turn.


Rabid Bite
   Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature you don't control.


Root Out
   Destroy target artifact or enchantment.

   Investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with "|mana_2|, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.")


Sage of Ancient Lore
   Sage of Ancient Lore's power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in your hand.

   When Sage of Ancient Lore enters the battlefield, draw a card.

   At the beginning of each upkeep, if no spells were cast last turn, transform Sage of Ancient Lore.


Werewolf of Ancient Hunger
   Vigilance, trample

   Werewolf of Ancient Hunger's power and toughness are each equal to the total number of cards in all players' hands.

   At the beginning of each upkeep, if a player cast two or more spells last turn, transform Werewolf of Ancient Hunger.


Seasons Past
   Return any number of cards with different converted mana costs from your graveyard to your hand. Put Seasons Past on the bottom of its owner's library.


Second Harvest
   For each token you control, create a token that's a copy of that permanent.


Silverfur Partisan
   Trample

   Whenever a Wolf or Werewolf you control becomes the target of an instant or sorcery spell, create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token.


Solitary Hunter
   At the beginning of each upkeep, if no spells were cast last turn, transform Solitary Hunter.


One of the Pack
   At the beginning of each upkeep, if a player cast two or more spells last turn, transform One of the Pack.


Soul Swallower
   Trample

   Delirium — At the beginning of your upkeep, if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, put three +1/+1 counters on Soul Swallower.


Stoic Builder
   When Stoic Builder enters the battlefield, you may return target land card from your graveyard to your hand.


Thornhide Wolves
   


Tireless Tracker
   Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with "|mana_2|, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.")

   Whenever you sacrifice a Clue, put a +1/+1 counter on Tireless Tracker.


Traverse the Ulvenwald
   Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.

   Delirium — If there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, instead search your library for a creature or land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle your library.


Ulvenwald Hydra
   Reach

   Ulvenwald Hydra's power and toughness are each equal to the number of lands you control.

   When Ulvenwald Hydra enters the battlefield, you may search your library for a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.


Ulvenwald Mysteries
   Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with "|mana_2|, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.")

   Whenever you sacrifice a Clue, create a 1/1 white Human Soldier creature token.


Vessel of Nascency
   |mana_1| |mana_g|, Sacrifice Vessel of Nascency: Reveal the top four cards of your library. You may put an artifact, creature, enchantment, land, or planeswalker card from among them into your hand. Put the rest into your graveyard.


Veteran Cathar
   |mana_3| |mana_w|: Target Human gains double strike until end of turn.


Watcher in the Web
   Reach (This creature can block creatures with flying.)

   Watcher in the Web can block an additional seven creatures each combat.


Weirding Wood
   Enchant land

   When Weirding Wood enters the battlefield, investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with "|mana_2|, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.")

   Enchanted land has "|tap|: Add two mana of any one color."


Altered Ego
   This spell can't be countered.

   You may have Altered Ego enter the battlefield as a copy of any creature on the battlefield, except it enters with X additional +1/+1 counters on it.


Anguished Unmaking
   Exile target nonland permanent. You lose 3 life.


Arlinn Kord
   +1: Until end of turn, up to one target creature gets +2/+2 and gains vigilance and haste.

   0: Create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token. Transform Arlinn Kord.


Arlinn, Embraced by the Moon
   +1: Creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain trample until end of turn.

   −1: Arlinn, Embraced by the Moon deals 3 damage to any target. Transform Arlinn, Embraced by the Moon.

   −6: You get an emblem with "Creatures you control have haste and '|tap|: This creature deals damage equal to its power to any target.'"


Fevered Visions
   At the beginning of each player's end step, that player draws a card. If the player is your opponent and has four or more cards in hand, Fevered Visions deals 2 damage to that player.


The Gitrog Monster
   Deathtouch

   At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice The Gitrog Monster unless you sacrifice a land.

   You may play an additional land on each of your turns.

   Whenever one or more land cards are put into your graveyard from anywhere, draw a card.


Invocation of Saint Traft
   Enchant creature

   Enchanted creature has "Whenever this creature attacks, create a 4/4 white Angel creature token with flying that's tapped and attacking. Exile that token at end of combat."


Nahiri, the Harbinger
   +2: You may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.

   −2: Exile target enchantment, tapped artifact, or tapped creature.

   −8: Search your library for an artifact or creature card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle your library. It gains haste. Return it to your hand at the beginning of the next end step.


Olivia, Mobilized for War
   Flying

   Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, you may discard a card. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature, it gains haste until end of turn, and it becomes a Vampire in addition to its other types.


Prized Amalgam
   Whenever a creature enters the battlefield, if it entered from your graveyard or you cast it from your graveyard, return Prized Amalgam from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped at the beginning of the next end step.


Sigarda, Heron's Grace
   Flying

   You and Humans you control have hexproof.

   |mana_2|, Exile a card from your graveyard: Create a 1/1 white Human Soldier creature token.


Sorin, Grim Nemesis
   +1: Reveal the top card of your library and put that card into your hand. Each opponent loses life equal to its converted mana cost.

   −X: Sorin, Grim Nemesis deals X damage to target creature or planeswalker and you gain X life.

   −9: Create a number of 1/1 black Vampire Knight creature tokens with lifelink equal to the highest life total among all players.


Brain in a Jar
   |mana_1|, |tap|: Put a charge counter on Brain in a Jar, then you may cast an instant or sorcery card with converted mana cost equal to the number of charge counters on Brain in a Jar from your hand without paying its mana cost.

   |mana_3|, |tap|, Remove X charge counters from Brain in a Jar: Scry X.


Corrupted Grafstone
   Corrupted Grafstone enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Choose a color of a card in your graveyard. Add one mana of that color.


Epitaph Golem
   |mana_2|: Put target card from your graveyard on the bottom of your library.


Explosive Apparatus
   |mana_3|, |tap|, Sacrifice Explosive Apparatus: It deals 2 damage to any target.


Harvest Hand
   When Harvest Hand dies, return it to the battlefield transformed under your control.


Scrounged Scythe
   Equipped creature gets +1/+1.

   As long as equipped creature is a Human, it has menace. (It can't be blocked except by two or more creatures.)

   Equip |mana_2|


Haunted Cloak
   Equipped creature has vigilance, trample, and haste.

   Equip |mana_1|


Magnifying Glass
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_4|, |tap|: Investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with "|mana_2|, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.")


Murderer's Axe
   Equipped creature gets +2/+2.

   Equip—Discard a card.


Neglected Heirloom
   Equipped creature gets +1/+1.

   When equipped creature transforms, transform Neglected Heirloom.

   Equip |mana_1|


Ashmouth Blade
   Equipped creature gets +3/+3 and has first strike.

   Equip |mana_3|


Runaway Carriage
   Trample

   When Runaway Carriage attacks or blocks, sacrifice it at end of combat.


Shard of Broken Glass
   Equipped creature gets +1/+0.

   Whenever equipped creature attacks, you may put the top two cards of your library into your graveyard.

   Equip |mana_1| (|mana_1|: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)


Skeleton Key
   Equipped creature has skulk. (It can't be blocked by creatures with greater power.)

   Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.

   Equip |mana_2|


Slayer's Plate
   Equipped creature gets +4/+2.

   Whenever equipped creature dies, if it was a Human, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.

   Equip |mana_3|


Tamiyo's Journal
   At the beginning of your upkeep, investigate. (Create a colorless Clue artifact token with "|mana_2|, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.")

   |tap|, Sacrifice three Clues: Search your library for a card and put that card into your hand. Then shuffle your library.


Thraben Gargoyle
   Defender

   |mana_6|: Transform Thraben Gargoyle.


Stonewing Antagonizer
   Flying


True-Faith Censer
   Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and has vigilance.

   As long as equipped creature is a Human, it gets an additional +1/+0.

   Equip |mana_2| (|mana_2|: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)


Wicker Witch
   


Wild-Field Scarecrow
   Defender

   |mana_2|, Sacrifice Wild-Field Scarecrow: Search your library for up to two basic land cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then shuffle your library.


Choked Estuary
   As Choked Estuary enters the battlefield, you may reveal an Island or Swamp card from your hand. If you don't, Choked Estuary enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_u| or |mana_b|.


Drownyard Temple
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_3|: Return Drownyard Temple from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.


Foreboding Ruins
   As Foreboding Ruins enters the battlefield, you may reveal a Swamp or Mountain card from your hand. If you don't, Foreboding Ruins enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b| or |mana_r|.


Forsaken Sanctuary
   Forsaken Sanctuary enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_w| or |mana_b|.


Fortified Village
   As Fortified Village enters the battlefield, you may reveal a Forest or Plains card from your hand. If you don't, Fortified Village enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g| or |mana_w|.


Foul Orchard
   Foul Orchard enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_b| or |mana_g|.


Game Trail
   As Game Trail enters the battlefield, you may reveal a Mountain or Forest card from your hand. If you don't, Game Trail enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r| or |mana_g|.


Highland Lake
   Highland Lake enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_u| or |mana_r|.


Port Town
   As Port Town enters the battlefield, you may reveal a Plains or Island card from your hand. If you don't, Port Town enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_w| or |mana_u|.


Stone Quarry
   Stone Quarry enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_r| or |mana_w|.


Warped Landscape
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_2|, |tap|, Sacrifice Warped Landscape: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle your library.


Westvale Abbey
   |tap|: Add |colorless|.

   |mana_5|, |tap|, Pay 1 life: Create a 1/1 white and black Human Cleric creature token.

   |mana_5|, |tap|, Sacrifice five creatures: Transform Westvale Abbey, then untap it.


Ormendahl, Profane Prince
   Flying, lifelink, indestructible, haste


Woodland Stream
   Woodland Stream enters the battlefield tapped.

   |tap|: Add |mana_g| or |mana_u|.


Plains
   


Plains
   


Plains
   


Island
   


Island
   


Island
   


Swamp
   


Swamp
   


Swamp
   


Mountain
   


Mountain
   


Mountain
   


Forest
   


Forest
   


Forest
   

